[
    {
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "text": "<@U0ULQ2G5V|oleg> has joined the channel",
        "ts": "1462777202.000126"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "I have a few ideas how we can improve the process of gathering for the Req Doc\nIdea 1:",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
            "ts": "1462777954.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1462777534.000127"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "problem 1: the coverage of industries is narrow, we need to reach out to the wider audience to gather use cases",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
            "ts": "1462777943.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1462777591.000128"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "problem 2: many users who want to submit use cases do not have Github accounts (non tech, like regulators, or insurance companies)",
        "ts": "1462777635.000129"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "solution: I created a form where anyone can submit a description of a use case for the WG to review <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/forms\/d\/18winVKVH-lUQEohTqt9SYYSCjyRefo2V3yHM8uGOTXM\/viewform>",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "service_name": "Google Docs",
                "title": "Contribute a new use case",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/docs.google.com\/forms\/d\/18winVKVH-lUQEohTqt9SYYSCjyRefo2V3yHM8uGOTXM\/viewform",
                "text": "This form is a mechanism for the broader community to add new use cases to the Hyperledger Requirement Document.A wiki could be found at <https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/hyperledger\/wiki\/Requirement-DocumentHow> does it work?Responses will be reviewed by all members of the Requirements working group on a weekly basis for incorporation into the upcoming release of the Requirement Document.Thank you for your contribution to the Hyperledger Project and for working with its community!",
                "fallback": "Google Docs: Contribute a new use case",
                "image_url": "https:\/\/lh6.googleusercontent.com\/1zIZ2KiOzXQO_pKz-tWzffahy3phEU5d2tH-KzdgHv9qN63BTXGCtu5vIGRihIdETwo",
                "image_width": 333,
                "image_height": 250,
                "from_url": "https:\/\/docs.google.com\/forms\/d\/18winVKVH-lUQEohTqt9SYYSCjyRefo2V3yHM8uGOTXM\/viewform",
                "image_bytes": 128903,
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1462777756.000130"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "the results are collected into this spreadsheet <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/spreadsheets\/d\/14XQRFuNQTXR4Pacikr_qtBX7-4BicBHisXgX_cecZ5I\/edit#gid=2123359926>",
        "ts": "1462777819.000132"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "I will invite end-users from non-financial, non IoT markets (where we have zero use cases from) to submit a form like this, where they describe their use cases for our review",
        "ts": "1462777888.000133"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "Idea 2:\nwe have 900+ members on Slack already. Use this user base to gather new use cases and validate existing ones.\nI will analyze the member base in a spreadsheet and find new members from the industries we don't cover yet.\nWill solicit their feedback with the form.",
        "ts": "1462778232.000137"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "Idea 3:\nmost use cases don't follow the template; it's hard to compare them and find patterns for common design\nI will go thru the existing use cases and edit their wiki pages to normalize them and conform to our template. Will get approvals from the original authors of course.",
        "ts": "1462778485.000138"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "please let me know if these ideas make sense to you; if you support them I can start implementing them right away",
        "ts": "1462778606.000139"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "I spoke with some of the project members at the last F2F and came to the view that the process could be improved. I put together these thoughts in the G doc. Please review and feel free to comment, reject or support. Thank you.",
        "ts": "1462779171.000140"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "file_share",
        "text": "<@U0ULQ2G5V|oleg> shared a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/oleg\/F175NRCS1\/challengesfacingtherequirementswg|Challenges facing the Requirements WG>",
        "file": {
            "id": "F175NRCS1",
            "created": 1462779188,
            "timestamp": 1462779188,
            "name": "ChallengesfacingtheRequirementsWG",
            "title": "Challenges facing the Requirements WG",
            "mimetype": "application\/vnd.google-apps.document",
            "filetype": "gdoc",
            "pretty_type": "GDocs Document",
            "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
            "editable": false,
            "size": 1850,
            "mode": "external",
            "is_external": true,
            "external_type": "gdrive",
            "is_public": true,
            "public_url_shared": false,
            "display_as_bot": false,
            "username": "",
            "url_private": "https:\/\/docs.google.com\/a\/altoros.com\/document\/d\/1BlWWgtGArBb7v_cJsaJ9SsMclRHNfEdaJ623CrDHez8\/edit?usp=drivesdk",
            "thumb_64": "https:\/\/a.slack-edge.com\/66f9\/img\/files\/gdraw_64.png",
            "thumb_360": "https:\/\/a.slack-edge.com\/272a\/img\/files\/gdoc_360.png",
            "thumb_360_w": 360,
            "thumb_360_h": 167,
            "permalink": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/oleg\/F175NRCS1\/challengesfacingtherequirementswg",
            "channels": [
                "C0UJTTB5J"
            ],
            "groups": [],
            "ims": [],
            "comments_count": 0
        },
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "upload": false,
        "display_as_bot": false,
        "username": "<@U0ULQ2G5V|oleg>",
        "bot_id": null,
        "ts": "1462779188.000142"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0UL07VSL",
        "text": "<@U0ULQ2G5V>: please add my google account to your access list <mailto:frank.yfc.lu@gmail.com|frank.yfc.lu@gmail.com>",
        "ts": "1462805212.000144"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0UFDAS91",
        "text": "<@U0ULQ2G5V> \u2014\u00a0I have also requested access.",
        "ts": "1462805859.000145"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0N0GDVJ5",
        "text": "<@U0ULQ2G5V> - I have also requested access.",
        "ts": "1462805898.000146"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "shared",
        "ts": "1462805970.000147"
    },
    {
        "user": "U0N94UUA0",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "text": "<@U0N94UUA0|ranga> has joined the channel",
        "ts": "1462808510.000148"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U0ULQ2G5V> - while it may be that many non-developers won\u2019t have a github id - getting one is painless and free. Further, when we adopt Gerritt for managing the code, contributions will require a Linux id. Not sure how we\u2019ll manage the wiki, yet. but, I guess what I am saying is that going to the trouble of defining some new mechanism to manage contributions of use cases seems unnecessary given how easy it is to get a github account",
        "ts": "1462809443.000149"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0UFDAS91",
        "text": "Someone shared in the chat a nice mind map of the use case template, but I didn\u2019t capture the author\u2019s name. <https:\/\/coggle.it\/diagram\/VwXUxFREA9UkQydB>",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "title": "Blockchain UseCase",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/coggle.it\/diagram\/VwXUxFREA9UkQydB",
                "text": "Created with Coggle. Make your own at <https:\/\/coggle.it>",
                "fallback": "Blockchain UseCase",
                "image_url": "https:\/\/static.coggle.it\/diagram\/VwXUxFREA9UkQydB\/thumbnail",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/coggle.it\/diagram\/VwXUxFREA9UkQydB",
                "image_width": 349,
                "image_height": 250,
                "image_bytes": 199839,
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1462809731.000150"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1113R4D6",
        "text": "hi can anyone send me the link to the page just used during the meeting today?",
        "ts": "1462809887.000152"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "<https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/hyperledger\/wiki\/Use-Case-Template>",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "service_name": "GitHub",
                "title": "hyperledger\/hyperledger",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/hyperledger\/wiki\/Use-Case-Template",
                "text": "Hyperledger Project is a new Collaborative Project at The Linux Foundation. The technical community is just getting started and will be adding code to the repository in the coming weeks. Check hype...",
                "fallback": "GitHub: hyperledger\/hyperledger",
                "thumb_url": "https:\/\/avatars3.githubusercontent.com\/u\/7657900?v=3&s=400",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/hyperledger\/wiki\/Use-Case-Template",
                "thumb_width": 142,
                "thumb_height": 142,
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1462810003.000153"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1113R4D6",
        "text": "thx",
        "ts": "1462810021.000155"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULQ2G5V",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP> - as the visibility of the project grows we may want protect the pages from spammers and noise; restrict editing of the wiki but give the public that form to submit use cases",
        "ts": "1462810153.000156"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0N0GDVJ5",
        "text": "@Chris. I prepared the mindmap  posted above. Sorry. Was able to share it only towards the end of the meeting. Thanks for sharing it here :simple_smile:",
        "ts": "1462812188.000157",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U0UFDAS91",
                    "U14NN2TQT",
                    "U17GHSSFR"
                ],
                "count": 3
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U0ULQ2G5V>: don\u2019t disagree",
        "ts": "1462812805.000158"
    }
]