[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U10Q62R8X",
        "text": "FYI: <@U0YK3KKCY> is another person that can help with z build issues, he just got 'volunteered' :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1468507220.000488",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U0KM61BCP"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "U0YK3KKCY",
        "inviter": "U10Q62R8X",
        "text": "<@U0YK3KKCY|harrijk> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1468507227.000489"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U10Q62R8X",
        "text": "he has been building linux images from source, so glad to have him! :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1468507277.000490"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U10Q62R8X",
        "text": "<@U11HH3P7Y>: FYI ^^^",
        "ts": "1468507294.000491"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "text": "Thanks <@U0YK3KKCY> <@U10Q62R8X>",
        "ts": "1468507402.000492"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "text": "did cindy fork protoc repo into linux-on-z?",
        "ts": "1468507457.000493"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "so, dockerhub naming scheme",
        "ts": "1468538013.000494"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0UHG4VP1",
        "text": "Yes",
        "ts": "1468538047.000495"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "as noted in <#C0Y4PEU22> there is work being introduced into Docker Registry to add multi-arch support",
        "ts": "1468538048.000496"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0UHG4VP1",
        "text": "Right now we have 9: <https:\/\/hub.docker.com\/u\/hyperledger\/> should we kill the 6 poorly named ones, put up six more with better names, with the plan to reuse the first 3 once we have multiarch support?",
        "ts": "1468538254.000497"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<https:\/\/github.com\/docker\/distribution\/issues\/200>",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "service_name": "GitHub",
                "title": "architecture and operating system support \u00b7 Issue #200 \u00b7 docker\/distribution \u00b7 GitHub",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/docker\/distribution\/issues\/200",
                "text": "The distribution system should support images with different operating systems and architectures. The most relevant subject matter is the ongoing manifest proposal #62). Requirements are covered in...",
                "fallback": "GitHub: architecture and operating system support \u00b7 Issue #200 \u00b7 docker\/distribution",
                "thumb_url": "https:\/\/avatars3.githubusercontent.com\/u\/120601?v=3&s=400",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/docker\/distribution\/issues\/200",
                "thumb_width": 400,
                "thumb_height": 400,
                "service_icon": "https:\/\/a.slack-edge.com\/e8ef6\/img\/unfurl_icons\/github.png",
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1468538294.000498"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "that would be a yes",
        "ts": "1468538309.000500"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "multi-arch support is actually in 1.12",
        "ts": "1468538320.000501"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "but the tooling  is missing",
        "ts": "1468538325.000502"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "so no tools to generate multi-arch images",
        "ts": "1468538336.000503"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "that said",
        "ts": "1468538339.000504"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "I would propose the following",
        "ts": "1468538344.000505"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0UHG4VP1",
        "text": "If I had to guess, most people are using the original, old images. I am also willing to bet essentially 100% of the pulls from the lower six are from our CI",
        "ts": "1468538359.000506"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "hyperledger\/fabric-component[-arch] where arch is not x86_64",
        "ts": "1468538383.000507"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "well I know I started this a couple weeks ago and thought I was pulling the latest",
        "ts": "1468538410.000508"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "silly me;-)",
        "ts": "1468538413.000509"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0UHG4VP1",
        "text": "Ok. If <@U11HH3P7Y> could update the CI bits for x86, no changes are needed - the right repo gets new bits. I'll delete the malnamed x86 images. Right now s390 is disabled in CI so I propose putting off those fixes until that is fixed",
        "ts": "1468538649.000510"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0UHG4VP1",
        "text": "Also, someone contacted me about adding POWER to CI, so keep in mind that's coming",
        "ts": "1468538755.000511"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "yep",
        "ts": "1468538828.000512"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "I am not sure what the $(arch) is for power but the repo should be named accordingly",
        "ts": "1468538866.000513"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "I\u2019ll create an issue for this",
        "ts": "1468538873.000514"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/issues\/2154#issuecomment-232823450>",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "service_name": "GitHub",
                "title": "shouldn&#39;t we be consistent in naming components? \u00b7 Issue #2154 \u00b7 hyperledger\/fabric \u00b7 GitHub",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/issues\/2154#issuecomment-232823450",
                "text": "Description Our component naming is all over the map. peer, membersrvc, whoknowswhatconsensuswillbecalled, etc. I would propose that we adopt a consistent naming scheme for all components of the ...",
                "fallback": "GitHub: shouldn't we be consistent in naming components? \u00b7 Issue #2154 \u00b7 hyperledger\/fabric",
                "thumb_url": "https:\/\/avatars1.githubusercontent.com\/u\/3630697?v=3&s=400",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/issues\/2154#issuecomment-232823450",
                "thumb_width": 400,
                "thumb_height": 400,
                "service_icon": "https:\/\/a.slack-edge.com\/e8ef6\/img\/unfurl_icons\/github.png",
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1468539691.000515"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0UHG4VP1",
        "text": "I deleted the (essentially unused) -x86_64- images and merged <@U11HH3P7Y> \u2019s change. new merges should go where people expect them",
        "ts": "1468544078.000517"
    },
    {
        "user": "U1S01QY6L",
        "text": "<@U1S01QY6L|smartyalgo> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1468547917.000518"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11NUTP4L",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP> <@U0UHG4VP1> for Power the $(ARCH) will be `ppc64le`",
        "ts": "1468557576.000519"
    }
]