[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U1BC5NF2S>, could you help updating the ACLs for <@U0ULK2JPP> as a maintainer on fabric?",
        "ts": "1472646635.000111"
    },
    {
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "inviter": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0ULK2JPP|muralisr> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1472646667.000112"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "he was accepted yesterday as of <https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/commit\/9e3bfdeb664f066904a0dabad99355b00122d868>",
        "ts": "1472646671.000113"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1AU8DRQR",
        "text": "what to do with this? 10:47:18 The following packages have unmet dependencies:",
        "ts": "1472647195.000114"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "investigating now",
        "ts": "1472650546.000115"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "not sure what is wrong, smells like a problem with trusty",
        "ts": "1472650567.000116"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP> this is the file I was talking about :<https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/blob\/master\/images\/base\/release>",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "service_name": "GitHub",
                "title": "hyperledger\/fabric",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/blob\/master\/images\/base\/release",
                "text": "Read-only mirror of <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/admin\/projects\/fabric>",
                "fallback": "GitHub: hyperledger\/fabric",
                "thumb_url": "https:\/\/avatars3.githubusercontent.com\/u\/7657900?v=3&s=400",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/blob\/master\/images\/base\/release",
                "thumb_width": 142,
                "thumb_height": 142,
                "service_icon": "https:\/\/github.com\/apple-touch-icon.png",
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1472651203.000117"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "everything triggers off of that",
        "ts": "1472651208.000119"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "yes",
        "ts": "1472651226.000120"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "we could expand on that concept",
        "ts": "1472651227.000121"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "agreed",
        "ts": "1472651231.000122"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "wife is calling me to breakfast, bbiab",
        "ts": "1472651249.000123"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "ok",
        "ts": "1472651255.000124"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "wish there were a tag for all maintainers like there was on GH",
        "ts": "1472651283.000125"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U0KN2SSKE> <@U0TFEHX8E> <@U11MANG9G> <@U1AU8DRQR> <@U0MT4CBHB> <@U0XR6J961> <@U0ULK2JPP> <@U0PB67X4K> - <@U0KPFAZNF> and I were just discussing (lamenting) the state of the build and some of the patches that are looking to simplify and shorten the build. We started talking about <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/721\/> which was attempting to eliminate unnecessary builds of the base image every time we build. We had previously discussed pulling out the build for the various base images into a separate repository and then controlling the specific version by referencing a specific tag in the fabric (and other) builds where we are explicitly calling out a bump of a version tag to push, and we are pulling a previously explicitly tagged version from atlas or dockerhub.",
        "ts": "1472652053.000126"
    },
    {
        "user": "U0MT4CBHB",
        "inviter": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U0MT4CBHB|tamas> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1472652063.000127"
    },
    {
        "user": "U0XR6J961",
        "inviter": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U0XR6J961|simon> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1472652063.000128"
    },
    {
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "inviter": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U0PB67X4K|garisingh> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1472652063.000129"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "I like this approach as it is cleaner, and we can simplify and reduce the time to build",
        "ts": "1472652104.000130"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "I would propose we pull out images\/base into its own repository with the same set of maintainers",
        "ts": "1472652193.000131"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "and we adapt its build pipeline to include an explicit change required to push a version that is governed under 2+2 merge policy",
        "ts": "1472652243.000132"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1AU8DRQR",
        "text": "so this would mean having the docker image related things in that other repo, right?",
        "ts": "1472652277.000133"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "to be clear, this is only currently w.r.t. the baseimage for docker and vagrant",
        "ts": "1472652299.000134"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "i envision things like the fabric-peer image will remain in fabric.git, and simply reference the base image via tag\/version",
        "ts": "1472652323.000135"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U1BC5NF2S> could you please add <@U26GK3L6L> as a maintainer for blockchain-explorer, please? he was supposed to be one of the original three maintainers",
        "ts": "1472652335.000136"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "(though I am open to other ideas on the matter, thats just how Ive been thinking of things)",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
            "ts": "1472652367.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1472652353.000137"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U0KPFAZNF> right - I was explicitly referring to the vagrant image and the docker base image",
        "ts": "1472652378.000139"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP>, sorry, that was in response to <@U1AU8DRQR>",
        "ts": "1472652405.000140"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "ah yep",
        "ts": "1472652424.000141"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1AU8DRQR",
        "text": "not a bad idea",
        "ts": "1472652488.000142"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U11HH3P7Y> <@U1BC5NF2S> we seem to be picking up a broken ubuntu image (missing jdk etc)",
        "ts": "1472653535.000143"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "yeah, I am currently thinking its something about the CI environment",
        "ts": "1472653562.000144"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "everything seems to build when I do it locally",
        "ts": "1472653568.000145"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "is there some kind of proxy or apt-cache within the LF infrastructure?",
        "ts": "1472653586.000146"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "text": "Intermittently we are getting  `missing JDK issue` .. <@U1BC5NF2S> can help on this..",
        "ts": "1472653696.000147"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "I just noticed this",
        "ts": "1472656137.000148"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/commit\/d6d9d28d6fd2df26204ac34e4fd4625844e79fc5>",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "service_name": "GitHub",
                "title": "Change APT to use mirror protocol \u00b7 hyperledger\/fabric@d6d9d28 \u00b7 GitHub",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/commit\/d6d9d28d6fd2df26204ac34e4fd4625844e79fc5",
                "text": "As part of the setup script, set APT to use the mirror protocol so that no matter where you are in the world, the closest mirror to you will be chosen. If you don't reside in the US it can be slow ...",
                "fallback": "GitHub: Change APT to use mirror protocol \u00b7 hyperledger\/fabric@d6d9d28",
                "thumb_url": "https:\/\/avatars0.githubusercontent.com\/u\/20233917?v=3&s=200",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/commit\/d6d9d28d6fd2df26204ac34e4fd4625844e79fc5",
                "thumb_width": 420,
                "thumb_height": 420,
                "service_icon": "https:\/\/a.slack-edge.com\/e8ef6\/img\/unfurl_icons\/github.png",
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1472656138.000149"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "the problems we have been seeing do seem to be mirror sensitive, i wonder if this is part of the problem",
        "ts": "1472656157.000151"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U11HH3P7Y> can you try reverting that commit and see what happens?",
        "ts": "1472656173.000152"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "that only went in 9 days ago, which is about the time the mirror issues started",
        "ts": "1472656198.000153"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "actually ill submit a PR, hold on",
        "ts": "1472656230.000154"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "that will go through the normal process",
        "ts": "1472656234.000155"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/817\/>",
        "ts": "1472656441.000156"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "text": "ok",
        "ts": "1472656567.000157"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U11HH3P7Y> <@U1BC5NF2S> seems <http:\/\/jenkins.hyperledger.org|jenkins.hyperledger.org> lost its DNS entry",
        "ts": "1472663719.000158"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "(or I am having DNS problems in general)",
        "ts": "1472663730.000159"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "not sure which, but other things seem ok",
        "ts": "1472663736.000160"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BLNM9DE",
        "text": "ghaskins: our core network nail-up has disappeared for some reason (our core admins are looking into it) unfortunately it's caused all of our DNS servers to drop offline",
        "ts": "1472663787.000161"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "ah, that explains it",
        "ts": "1472663797.000162"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "seems like an opportunity to eat lunch though\u2026bbiab",
        "ts": "1472663842.000163"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U1BC5NF2S> seems like either gerrit or nginx is down",
        "ts": "1472664774.000164"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP> See tykea.l's comment. Our DNS is down.  :disappointed:",
        "ts": "1472664808.000165"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP> <@U0KPFAZNF> All services should be back online",
        "ts": "1472667735.000166"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "cool thanks <@U1BC5NF2S>",
        "ts": "1472668444.000167"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U11HH3P7Y> did you see my note regarding docker 1.11 and 1.12 vs \u201capt-get update -qq\"",
        "ts": "1472668565.000168"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "text": "yes I have to test in one of my non-vagrant machine..",
        "ts": "1472668607.000169"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "cool",
        "ts": "1472668611.000170"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "text": "Will tests that and let you know the update..",
        "ts": "1472668617.000171"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "ty",
        "ts": "1472668620.000172"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "file_share",
        "text": "<@U11HH3P7Y|ramesh> uploaded a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/ramesh\/F270FV9J6\/capture_480.png|capture_480.png> and commented: I have added new target as mentioned above..",
        "file": {
            "id": "F270FV9J6",
            "created": 1472668767,
            "timestamp": 1472668767,
            "name": "capture_480.png",
            "title": "capture_480.png",
            "mimetype": "image\/png",
            "filetype": "png",
            "pretty_type": "PNG",
            "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
            "editable": false,
            "size": 26469,
            "mode": "hosted",
            "is_external": false,
            "external_type": "",
            "is_public": true,
            "public_url_shared": false,
            "display_as_bot": false,
            "username": "",
            "url_private": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F270FV9J6\/capture_480.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "url_private_download": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F270FV9J6\/download\/capture_480.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "thumb_64": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T0J024XGA-F270FV9J6-e8e8979140\/capture_480_64.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "thumb_80": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T0J024XGA-F270FV9J6-e8e8979140\/capture_480_80.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "thumb_360": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T0J024XGA-F270FV9J6-e8e8979140\/capture_480_360.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "thumb_360_w": 360,
            "thumb_360_h": 95,
            "thumb_160": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T0J024XGA-F270FV9J6-e8e8979140\/capture_480_160.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "image_exif_rotation": 1,
            "original_w": 478,
            "original_h": 126,
            "permalink": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/ramesh\/F270FV9J6\/capture_480.png",
            "permalink_public": "https:\/\/slack-files.com\/T0J024XGA-F270FV9J6-b470c09a2f",
            "channels": [
                "C0YMWRX19"
            ],
            "groups": [],
            "ims": [],
            "comments_count": 1,
            "initial_comment": {
                "id": "Fc2709J525",
                "created": 1472668767,
                "timestamp": 1472668767,
                "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
                "is_intro": true,
                "comment": "I have added new target as mentioned above..",
                "channel": ""
            }
        },
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "upload": true,
        "display_as_bot": false,
        "username": "<@U11HH3P7Y|ramesh>",
        "bot_id": null,
        "ts": "1472668768.000173"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "text": "hash value in chaincode_example04.go is changing after running node-sdk-unit-tests.. in result, TestChaincodeInvokeChaincode unit-test case is failing..",
        "ts": "1472668964.000174"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "text": "will run `make unit-tests` from jenkins CI..",
        "ts": "1472668988.000175"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U11HH3P7Y> was that addressed to me?",
        "ts": "1472669373.000176"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "i dont understand the context",
        "ts": "1472669384.000177"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11HH3P7Y",
        "text": "Sorry.. Please see this.. <https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-287>",
        "ts": "1472669559.000178"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP> <@U0KPFAZNF> Is there a process in place for committer\/maintainer promotions (voting, charter, etc)? Just want to make sure I'm following the right process.",
        "ts": "1472671120.000179"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "im sure its written down somewhere, but I dont know where\u2026but the policy as I understand it is someone makes a PR to the maintainer.txt file and if a majority of the existing maintainers accept it, it is merged",
        "ts": "1472671200.000180"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "at least for fabric",
        "ts": "1472671207.000181"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "not sure about all the other repos",
        "ts": "1472671211.000182"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "we just did this one yesterday",
        "ts": "1472671242.000183"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/791\/>",
        "ts": "1472671243.000184"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "of course, the real change is the one that is made on the LF backend that grants additional rights",
        "ts": "1472671301.000185"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
        "text": "ghaskins: I like it.",
        "ts": "1472671337.000186"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
        "text": "ghaskins: Having a set maintainer file syntax and process means we could, in the future, automate the process a bit (send a notification, etc).",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
            "ts": "1472671381.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1472671377.000187"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<http:\/\/hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io\/en\/latest\/CONTRIBUTING\/#coding-guidelines>",
        "ts": "1472671411.000189"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "looks like its from an existing maintainer",
        "ts": "1472671417.000190"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "yes, that is a cool idea",
        "ts": "1472671435.000191"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "especially if the rules can be customized",
        "ts": "1472671460.000192"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "e.g. normal commits need 2+2, but a change to maintainer.txt needs 50%+2",
        "ts": "1472671475.000193"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "er, 51%, heh",
        "ts": "1472671489.000194"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BLNM9DE",
        "text": "can't customize the required votes for specific files",
        "ts": "1472671518.000195"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "bummer",
        "ts": "1472671527.000196"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
        "text": "Yeah that would be...painful",
        "ts": "1472671532.000197"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "just throw this out there: its kind of blockchainy\u2026there could be a CI process that requires &gt; 51% PGP signatures or something",
        "ts": "1472671594.000198"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "or, KISS, let an LF admin do it manually, heh",
        "ts": "1472671612.000199"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "not like it happens too often",
        "ts": "1472671616.000200"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
        "text": "<@U0KPFAZNF>, <@U0KM61BCP> CC'd you an on email on how this can be done next time so we have a paper trail.",
        "ts": "1472671911.000201"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
        "text": "KISS is always a good principle. :wink:",
        "ts": "1472671928.000202"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "yeah",
        "ts": "1472671977.000203"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1BC5NF2S",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP> <@U26GK3L6L> Should have maintainer rights on blockchain-explorer",
        "ts": "1472672172.000204"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U1BC5NF2S> I like the idea of automating",
        "ts": "1472673034.000205"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "thanks",
        "ts": "1472673044.000206"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "btw, <@U1BC5NF2S> we need to cut a release branch from master fabric",
        "ts": "1472673125.000207"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U0KPFAZNF> ideally we would try to merge what we can before we cut",
        "ts": "1472673142.000208",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U0KPFAZNF"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "minimize the extra effort to have people push another commit to the branch",
        "ts": "1472673173.000209"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "we should name the branch v0.6-developer-preview",
        "ts": "1472673218.000210"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "and we\u2019ll want to mirror the jenkins pipeline for the release branch <@U11HH3P7Y>",
        "ts": "1472673342.000211"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP> - might want to avoid the regex character '.' in your branch name. I remember it causing issues in obscure places (jenkins, IIRC) in the past.",
        "ts": "1472677109.000212"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "wasn't jenkins specific per-se, was something to do with git ref matching",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
            "ts": "1472677223.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1472677214.000213"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "hmmm, we used that previously <https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger-archives\/fabric\/tree\/v0.5-developer-preview>",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "service_name": "GitHub",
                "title": "hyperledger-archives\/fabric",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger-archives\/fabric\/tree\/v0.5-developer-preview",
                "text": "THIS IS A READ-ONLY historic repository. Current development is at <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/admin\/projects\/fabric> . pull requests not accepted",
                "fallback": "GitHub: hyperledger-archives\/fabric",
                "thumb_url": "https:\/\/avatars3.githubusercontent.com\/u\/20729145?v=3&s=400",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger-archives\/fabric\/tree\/v0.5-developer-preview",
                "thumb_width": 142,
                "thumb_height": 142,
                "service_icon": "https:\/\/github.com\/apple-touch-icon.png",
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1472679067.000215"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "k8s and docker use something similar",
        "ts": "1472679255.000217"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "thanks for the h\/u though",
        "ts": "1472679284.000218"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "I can't comment on the regex problem, but I would suggest something like v0.6.x for the branch name to allow for 0.6.1, etc",
        "ts": "1472679781.000219"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "If the dots are a problem, perhaps v0_6_x",
        "ts": "1472679815.000220"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "for sawtooth, we are using X-Y (0-6) for branch name and vX.Y.Z (v0.6.0) for tags. seemed close to the OSS projects I saw (mostly looked at gnome)",
        "ts": "1472680257.000221"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/19hZBOj4QklSJa2Fj3kHEwx1_R1T1rdRTXBseF6mzCN0\/edit?usp=sharing>",
        "ts": "1472680374.000222"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "some of those projects use _ in tags and - in branches",
        "ts": "1472680386.000223"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "this is the version naming taxonomy proposal uses semver",
        "ts": "1472680389.000224"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP> - I'm not seeing much utility in appending the -developer-preview, and only -alpha, -beta, -rcN before major releases (like, 1.0 presumably  you would want some rc versions)",
        "ts": "1472680635.000225"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "(I'm thinking of deb, rpm, pypi versions here - not necessarily how the branch is categorized)",
        "ts": "1472680738.000226"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "fair enough",
        "ts": "1472680763.000227"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "the developer preview could be web only, I suppose",
        "ts": "1472680775.000228"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "we definitely don\u2019t want to lead people on",
        "ts": "1472680792.000229"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "this is what our core deb file looks like: python-sawtooth-core_0.7.1-git41.g4ab31e2-1_amd64.deb",
        "ts": "1472680820.000230"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "git41 == 41 commits since the v0.7.0 tag",
        "ts": "1472680867.000231"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "g4ab31e2 == 4ab31e2 commit hash",
        "ts": "1472680879.000232"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "the intent is that this version number is prior to 0.7.1 (so the same as alpha\/beta\/rc as far as sorting)",
        "ts": "1472680904.000233"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "when we build a tagged version, it would just be \"0.7.1\"",
        "ts": "1472680922.000234"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQQRNU8",
        "text": "in theory, this will allow us to output deb\/rpm\/whatever from jenkins into a repo and have the update process for the target package manager work seemlessly",
        "ts": "1472681017.000235"
    }
]