[
    {
        "user": "U0P2R5BEZ",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "text": "<@U0P2R5BEZ|mkrishna> has joined the channel",
        "ts": "1464100973.000061"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0P2R5BEZ",
        "text": "HIP : Java Chaincode support for Hyperledger Fabric.  Pl. review IBM-DTCC's  joint proposal \n(<https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1ZBRO0X6OAQXKaq3_SjIgZ6uQ_eSFyglex-h2eQ8-H_o\/edit?usp=sharing>)  before our TSC meeting",
        "ts": "1464101428.000062"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "text": ":+1::skin-tone-6:",
        "ts": "1464103902.000063"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<!channel>: pls review <@U0P2R5BEZ> HIP before this week\u2019s TSC so that we can discuss",
        "ts": "1464105500.000064"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0N1D1UAE",
        "text": "I\u2019m not allowed to add comments to the document, so I\u2019ll comment here.  The proposal looks OK, but the timing is poor. If there is a plan to create a fabric 1.0 release in June, then I would prefer to see our core teams focussed on bug fixes, documentation and other critical issues, rather than be distracted by a new project. If I had a vote it would be to defer this until after the fabric 1.0 release.",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0N1D1UAE",
            "ts": "1464109636.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1464109553.000065"
    },
    {
        "user": "U1A75P7V4",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "text": "<@U1A75P7V4|amecila> has joined the channel",
        "ts": "1464114344.000067"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "<@U0N1D1UAE>: well, I don;t know about 1.0 but a release yes\u2026 this is why on the fabric project call, I suggested that we need to have a plan for how we work towards the release\u2026 do we maintain a dev branch where we allow continued progress on new features (such as this) while we focus on bug squashing and cleanup etc on the master branch, etc.",
        "ts": "1464115278.000068"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "I don\u2019t think we need to defer",
        "ts": "1464115291.000069"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "more like fabric 0.n is what I was thinking where n is in the range 1-9",
        "ts": "1464115464.000070"
    },
    {
        "user": "U0TH5GUQ6",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "text": "<@U0TH5GUQ6|brianbehlendorf> has joined the channel",
        "ts": "1464154792.000071"
    }
]