[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1FBDMBMG",
        "text": "<@U0ZR63HLK> Thank you! I had misunderstood the chain key. The chain key is not a symmetric key but a public key used by members and the associated private key is used by validators to decode the transaction. And also thanks about explaining the root state key.",
        "ts": "1476775479.000315"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "sure :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1476775497.000316"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1CTBUNEN",
        "text": "can this information regarding the various keys and how they are used together become part of a Wiki",
        "ts": "1476777871.000318"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "<@U0ZR63HLK> when Allessandro works on SDK, it\u2019ll be nice to add the features to CLI  (some minimal form) to make it easy for users to test it just with the peer code",
        "ts": "1476777987.000319"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "I can help with that",
        "ts": "1476778002.000320"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "ie,` .\/peer chaincode \u2026. `` form",
        "ts": "1476778029.000321"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "hopefully it won\u2019t be too much work \u2026 just a practical usability thing",
        "ts": "1476778100.000322"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "<@U0ULK2JPP>, <@U26T99AQ4> it makes sense to me :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1476785283.000323"
    },
    {
        "user": "U2JDRLC9J",
        "text": "<@U2JDRLC9J|jamieobe> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1476802780.000324"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "Hi All, today I continued working on the protobuf messages (<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1561\/>) and the BCCSP preparing slides to explain the BCCSP Factory. I will post them asap",
        "ts": "1476803971.000325"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "<@U0ZR63HLK> i meant to ask\u2026 perhaps we should come up with a cooler name than BCCSP ? At some point the name\u2019s going to matter I\u2019d think ? Just a thought\u2026.",
        "ts": "1476804111.000326"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "feel free to ignore :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1476804145.000327"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "we love it :disappointed:",
        "ts": "1476804150.000328"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "ok then",
        "ts": "1476804157.000329"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": ":slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1476804158.000330"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "but fine, we can, of course, change it",
        "ts": "1476804160.000331"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "heheheh :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1476804162.000332"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "the idea was to clarify that this CSP was related to the specific needs of the fabric",
        "ts": "1476804193.000333"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "not something super general able to cover all the possible needs ever",
        "ts": "1476804216.000334"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "agreed\u2026 (still nice to say  \u201ccell phone\u201d as opposed to \u201ca device for remote wireless communication\u201d) .. just wanted to put that out. Not important right now of course",
        "ts": "1476804375.000335"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "reiterate that - just wanted to put that thought so you can think about it when you are bored :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1476804500.000336"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U26T99AQ4",
        "text": "Hi all, today I did some preliminary work to take on FAB-580 as soon as we settle on the core of the next architecture",
        "ts": "1476804983.000337"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U184J2R7S",
        "text": "i thought I would share some information that Elli shared with me that might be helpful",
        "ts": "1476807906.000338"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U184J2R7S",
        "text": "Work items associated with fabric-CSP (BC-CSP), i.e., FAB-354, FAB-355, FAB-615 has been completed from our side (Angelo) and is now on Gerrit under review. In fact 11 changesets have been submitted there (as listed below):\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1605\/1>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1641\/2>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1645\/2>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1647\/2>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1653\/2>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1683\/2>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1689\/2>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1691\/2>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1693\/2>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1695\/2>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1813\/2>",
        "ts": "1476807937.000339"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U184J2R7S",
        "text": "Work items progressing associated to protocol buffers and associated security checks for next architecture, i.e., FAB-351 (including FAB-489, FAB580-582):  Protocol buffers have long been discussed  on the channels.",
        "ts": "1476808029.000340",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U1BC5A0F9",
                    "U10Q62R8X"
                ],
                "count": 2
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U184J2R7S",
        "text": "Work items associated to Channel access control management(FAB-633). The team has prepared a first draft of a design for secure  creation and consulting of ACL for channels. We are taking rounds into updating the design, and plan to share it with extended team and community to get input once we get a good draft finished",
        "ts": "1476808046.000341",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U1BC5A0F9"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11MANG9G",
        "text": "<@U184J2R7S> (et al.), thanks for sharing. All,\n1) Feel free to add me as a reviewer when you submit such items.\n2) These are very well structured. Can\u2019t miss that!\n3) Noted that these were (originally) submitted as part of the `v0.6` branch, but at some point before the release, we chose to hold back so that we could get the v0.6.1 release tagged\/published last weekend.\n\nHow do we want to merge these\/what\u2019s the strategy\/schedule? That is, do we want these on a(nother) separate branch? I don\u2019t have a strong opinion either way, just let me know what makes the most sense to everyone\u2026 I believe we are \u2018done\u2019 with the v0.6 branch as of last Sunday - but let me know.",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U11MANG9G",
            "ts": "1476911331.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1476808577.000342",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U10Q62R8X"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    }
]