[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "thanks <@U0ZR63HLK> - just saw it",
        "ts": "1478512933.001950"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U0ZR63HLK> - in my process of removing membersrvc from fabric master repo, I also removed most of the code in core\/crypto as well (it was just too intertwined to try to modify).   Check out <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/2273>",
        "ts": "1478514943.001951"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "I tried to leave placeholders in parts of the code which used to call the various crypto clients so that we can integrate the new crypto \/ idp code",
        "ts": "1478514988.001952"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "Hi <@U0PB67X4K>, why are removing the code before having the idp working? Just to understand",
        "ts": "1478527089.001953"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "I would have thought to have first the idp working and then the unnecessary crypto part removed.",
        "ts": "1478528696.001954"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "Of course, I agree that ad then v1 will not have those files anyway",
        "ts": "1478528714.001955"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "I think it's easier this way",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0PB67X4K",
            "ts": "1478529148.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1478529107.001956"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "I left the plug points - you'll see a bunch of TODO comments",
        "ts": "1478529119.001957"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "plus I could not easily remove membersrvc without removing the crypto stuff",
        "ts": "1478529133.001958"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "this way we can add things one at a time -  load identity for the peer, use identity to sign, etc",
        "ts": "1478529182.001960"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "I believe that's the way to go having followed the opposite approach of incrementally replacing in other areas and I don't think it works well",
        "ts": "1478529213.001961"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "okay, got it. Thanks :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1478531318.001962"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "I gave my +1. I cannot give +2",
        "ts": "1478531361.001963"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": ":slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1478531364.001964"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "btw, I know you are busy with BCCSP\u2026 so that\u2019s why thought it was great when Gari volunteered\u2026 hope you were ok with that ...",
        "ts": "1478532196.001965"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "sure, thanks :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1478532881.001966"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "<@U0ULK2JPP> or anyone else, would appreciate some additional review so that we can get this in before it needs to be rebased again <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/2075\/>",
        "ts": "1478537890.001967"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "(Also <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/2153\/> )",
        "ts": "1478537908.001968"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "I changed my +1's to +2's so just need some other review(s)",
        "ts": "1478540041.001969"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U0ZR63HLK> - for PKCS11 \/ HSM, is the plan to test against SoftHSM by default?",
        "ts": "1478545912.001970"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "just wondering if we need to start thinking about how to add it into our CI, etc",
        "ts": "1478545927.001971"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZR63HLK",
        "text": "Actually, I have been talking about this with Tamas. I would love to have it in. I will have probably more info already tomorrow. I will tell you asap",
        "ts": "1478547883.001972"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "no worries - you know I get random thoughts so just decided I'll ping'em as they come up",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0PB67X4K",
            "ts": "1478547977.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1478547960.001973"
    }
]