[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
        "text": "Anya\u2019s status for 10\/05:\n\n\u2014 Working with Bret in order to begin testing the new fabric-sdk-node repository code against the fabric convergence branch. Trying to delineate the work into logical pieces so we can make progress faster and write tests concurrently for quicker merges into the repo.\n\u2014 Working with Allen to complete code reviews\/merges for:\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1303>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1305>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1307>\n\nThanks!",
        "ts": "1475680149.000008"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1L2C9F3R",
        "text": "Caroline's status for 10\/05:\nAdded cryptoSuite unit tests to headless-tests.js in fabric-node-sdk.  Unable to push changes until 1477 is merged.",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U1L2C9F3R",
            "ts": "1475703081.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1475702595.000009"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1L2C9F3R",
        "text": ":anguished: *Desperately* need  code review\/merge for previous additions to headless-tests.js:\n <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1477\/>",
        "ts": "1475703011.000010"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "Jim\u2019s status for 10\/05:\n\n- just uploaded initial implementation for the v1.0 support of submitting endorsement proposal: <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1553>\n- reviewing and editing common SDK design doc <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit#heading=h.5enyzgnq1vuc>",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U13TWBRBL",
            "ts": "1475726629.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1475726586.000012"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U0KQ9QKH6> as Anya and Bret get underway with taking endorsed proposals to the orderer service, it\u2019ll soon involve the event support you added to v0.6 and master, which so far hasn\u2019t been migrated to the new project (fabric-sdk-node) yet. Not sure if it\u2019s possible for you to add that to the new project in parallel. But CR 1553 mentioned above has the Peer.js added, which would be the place to add the eventhub API. Maybe once that gets merged you can start working on this? please let us know your thoughts.",
        "ts": "1475726885.000014"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
        "text": "<@U1L2C9F3R> I am sorry I did not comment on the NEW patch set that you had put in. I reviewed your first patch set that you had abandoned due to conflicts. I just updated the new patch. This is really getting out of hand. The following change sets *must* be merged as soon as possible. I finished these reviews *last week*. <@U1KDHJT6H> <@U13TWBRBL> <@U0PB67X4K>\n\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1303\/6>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1305\/4>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1307\/3>\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1477\/3>",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
            "ts": "1475728626.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1475728591.000015"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
        "text": "Can we please address the point of adding me to the maintainer list? Who is the person to \u201cnominate\u201d me and what is the process here? I have reviewed a handful of changes, what are the other criteria for this? Please see the list of the change sets that I am reviewing\/tracking here:",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
            "ts": "1475728756.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1475728719.000017"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
        "text": "<https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1IwgQHFbj6_cBwHCXMCvn7uHCJcUsnXkwv3TPN0SIF8M\/edit>",
        "ts": "1475728735.000018"
    }
]