[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "text": "hi <@U13TWBRBL> I cannot generate the api doc on v0.6 branch",
        "ts": "1480410824.000576"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "text": "i can generated it previous, what is the problem now?",
        "ts": "1480410846.000577"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U12452RAP> v0.6 hasn\u2019t been touched since it was released, what\u2019s the error that you are seeing?",
        "ts": "1480428953.000578"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U0Z81GL6S> <@U1KFBBWG1> <@U1L2C9F3R> <@U1KDHJT6H> <@U0KQ9QKH6> <@U2Q0HP4HY> <@U1AJV5S2G> I\u2019m working from home in the morning (switching to AT&amp;T fibre), let\u2019s start the scrums at 9:30 sharp, <https:\/\/hangouts.google.com\/hangouts\/_\/bqyxlr6u25epjpn4iayws5kksue>",
        "ts": "1480429343.000579"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "if anybody are interested in testing the sdk with fabric and COP, the following are aligned commit levels for sprint 5 (which ended on Nov 21):\n\nfabric: b0e902ea482a5dd4f5a82b8051052c2915811e59\nfabric-sdk-node: a7f57baca0ece7111f74f7b9174c2083df7cda86\nfabric-cop: 109b30ca0665f2bb082ef1b9e7c1efa6a6524d84",
        "ts": "1480431123.000580"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "i produced a video last night, should show up on the hyperledger channel soon",
        "ts": "1480431147.000581"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "text": "<@U13TWBRBL>: i will paste tomorrow. any other ways we can see the API doc?",
        "ts": "1480432851.000582"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "text": "now it seems must run the cli",
        "ts": "1480432868.000583"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "I\u2019ve published it here <https:\/\/jimthematrix.github.io\/modules\/src_hfc.html> as a temporary location before we have an official hyperledger website account",
        "ts": "1480433038.000584",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U12452RAP"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U2WAP0R6J",
        "text": "hey guys I've looked through everything and I cannot find any documentation \/ sample code on using the events hub. Any recommendations? If it is not possible yet, when will it be available? Need to know if I need to write a polling facility now or not",
        "ts": "1480436569.000585"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U2WAP0R6J> you are right, there\u2019s not much documentation on using the event hub at all, the best sample is what <@U13Q594J2> wrote as a sample: <https:\/\/github.com\/ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample\/blob\/master\/events\/event-sample.js>",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "service_name": "GitHub",
                "title": "ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample",
                "title_link": "https:\/\/github.com\/ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample\/blob\/master\/events\/event-sample.js",
                "text": "NodeSdkSample - A sample program to demonstrate NodeSdk apis",
                "fallback": "GitHub: ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample",
                "thumb_url": "https:\/\/avatars2.githubusercontent.com\/u\/18034452?v=3&s=400",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/github.com\/ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample\/blob\/master\/events\/event-sample.js",
                "thumb_width": 190,
                "thumb_height": 190,
                "service_icon": "https:\/\/github.com\/apple-touch-icon.png",
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1480438488.000586"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1KFBBWG1",
        "text": "Questions:\n1. How should we handle the `txID`. The SDK is now required to send this value. I assume that the id will be needed for event processing.\n     - Should we automatically compute one. \n     - Should we provide a utility to create a unique value that the application could send to the SDK.\n\n2. How should we handle the `chainID`. The SDK is now required to send this value. Where do we get this value. Will the caller know this value.",
        "ts": "1480457601.000588"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U1KFBBWG1> for your first question: <https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-1222>",
        "ts": "1480458329.000589"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "for `chainID`, i thought it\u2019s still optional until the channel support is operational",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U13TWBRBL",
            "ts": "1480458561.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1480458548.000590"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "<@U13TWBRBL> I vaguely remember <@U0XPR4NP4> mentioning a mandatory test ID till the channel support is in",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
            "ts": "1480458892.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1480458882.000592"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "<@U1KFBBWG1> <@U13Q594J2> the end-to-end flows should work once <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/2861\/> gets merged",
        "ts": "1480478278.000594",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U13Q594J2"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    }
]