[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U13TWBRBL>  - can you help us figure out which changes are required for v0.6 release?   Our current focus is on 2 things:\n\n1) cutting a supportable \/ usable v0.6 for the community\n2) getting things set for v1.0 moving forward\n\nIf we keep getting pull requests (without mapping to JIRA issues) for master, we have no idea which are required for v0.6 to move forward",
        "ts": "1475745184.000020"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "and then there are a bunch of requests for the fabric-sdk-node repo which seem to have nothing to do with v1.0 but rather are just to make things work with the current release?",
        "ts": "1475745280.000021"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "IMHO - fabric-sdk-node should be limited to v1.0 work",
        "ts": "1475745300.000022"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "I'll go back through and look - maybe all the requests are for the fabric-sdk-node repo",
        "ts": "1475745333.000023"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U0PB67X4K> fair question (Chris had same question earlier), most of the changes are targeting fabric-sdk-node (from myself, from <@U1L2C9F3R> ), Allen Bailey had 4 for tightening up unit tests around TLS in master, which I believe should also go into v0.6.",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U13TWBRBL",
            "ts": "1475754803.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1475753799.000024"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "so far the CRs for fabric-sdk-node are in three areas: 1) member services calls to get an enrolled user so that we can do other calls with the peer; 2) calls targeting 1.0 flow (1553 is really the first for this); 3) general project set up (gulp, lint, etc.)",
        "ts": "1475753952.000025"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "as this point the team are focused on the 1.0 APIs plus corresponding tests",
        "ts": "1475754004.000026"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "btw does anybody know Allen Bailey\u2019s id in this slack?",
        "ts": "1475754825.000028"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U1C3LNJ58> hi Allen, see above my comments re: your unit test CRs for v0.6 (and <@U0Z81GL6S> )",
        "ts": "1475754898.000029"
    },
    {
        "user": "U1C3LNJ58",
        "inviter": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U1C3LNJ58|eabailey> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1475754904.000030"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
        "text": "yes <@U1C3LNJ58> will be merging his changes into v0.6 as well. however, per my suggestion, i told him to wait as it is taking so excruciatingly long to merge these changes in that he would have to rebase *two* sets of changes. so i recommended he wait until the four changes are in master, and then merge them into v0.6 by cherry picking from master.",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
            "ts": "1475763502.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1475763404.000031"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
        "text": "as it stands right now all the sdk tests in master are broken as only one of the four changes from <@U1C3LNJ58> has been merged. we must merge the others.",
        "ts": "1475763428.000032"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KQ9QKH6",
        "text": "<@U13TWBRBL> : I'll take a look at adding events support to the new project. I think the eventhub should be split out into its own file and potentially used by peer. Does that seem like the way to go?",
        "ts": "1475765264.000036",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U0Z81GL6S"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U0KQ9QKH6>: yes that make sense, thanks for looking into it Pat",
        "ts": "1475765411.000037"
    },
    {
        "user": "U1AJV5S2G",
        "text": "<@U1AJV5S2G|jjjjibm> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1475765641.000038"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1AJV5S2G",
        "text": "Status = attempting custom events sample application.  I am having trouble setting up the environment.",
        "ts": "1475766387.000039"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KQ9QKH6",
        "text": "<@U1AJV5S2G> : have you looked at tests\/unit\/events-test.js ? There are some examples",
        "ts": "1475767560.000040"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1AJV5S2G",
        "text": "@pmu@pmullaney, thanks!",
        "ts": "1475772740.000041"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1L2C9F3R",
        "text": "Caroline's status for 10\/06:\n1477 got merged... thanks!  \nContinued adding crypto tests to headless-tests.js in fabric-sdk-node.",
        "ts": "1475794833.000042"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
        "text": "Anya and Bret\u2019s status for 10\/06:\n\n\u2014 Continued working on the orderer grpc transaction flow. We are able to connect to the orderer service (Docker container OR binary running in vagrant) and send a request through from the SDK. We have written a test that drives the transaction and we are seeing appropriate responses such as SUCCESS and BAD_REQUEST based on the request payload. \n\u2014 We are seeing some extraneous events coming back from the orderer service to the SDK and we don\u2019t quite understand what is causing them. We plan to meet with Jason Yellick, as he is the one who had implemented that code to discuss what may be causing this.\n\u2014 We will continue adding tests cases tomorrow.\n\u2014 Greg Haskins has nominated Anya as a fabric and fabric-sdk-node maintainer here: :sports_medal:\n<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1599\/>",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0Z81GL6S",
            "ts": "1475795356.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1475795151.000043"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "All, I published the v0.6 node.js SDK\u2019s generated API doc to <https:\/\/jimthematrix.github.io\/modules\/_src_hfc_.html> as a temporary location until we figure out a more appropriate location to host it. Feel free to share that in the meanwhile.",
        "ts": "1475813317.000045",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U0Z81GL6S"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    }
]