[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "file_share",
        "text": "<@U12452RAP|grapebaba> uploaded a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/grapebaba\/F2B33EWKG\/fabricnext-community.pdf|FabricNext-Community.pdf> and commented: hi, i found <https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/blob\/master\/proposals\/r1\/Next-Consensus-Architecture-Proposal.md>",
        "file": {
            "id": "F2B33EWKG",
            "created": 1473768350,
            "timestamp": 1473768350,
            "name": "FabricNext-Community.pdf",
            "title": "FabricNext-Community.pdf",
            "mimetype": "application\/pdf",
            "filetype": "pdf",
            "pretty_type": "PDF",
            "user": "U12452RAP",
            "editable": false,
            "size": 459989,
            "mode": "hosted",
            "is_external": false,
            "external_type": "",
            "is_public": true,
            "public_url_shared": false,
            "display_as_bot": false,
            "username": "",
            "url_private": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F2B33EWKG\/fabricnext-community.pdf?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "url_private_download": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F2B33EWKG\/download\/fabricnext-community.pdf?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "permalink": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/grapebaba\/F2B33EWKG\/fabricnext-community.pdf",
            "permalink_public": "https:\/\/slack-files.com\/T0J024XGA-F2B33EWKG-95dce72ea5",
            "channels": [
                "C0Z4NBUN6"
            ],
            "groups": [],
            "ims": [],
            "comments_count": 1,
            "initial_comment": {
                "id": "Fc2B30LGHJ",
                "created": 1473768350,
                "timestamp": 1473768350,
                "user": "U12452RAP",
                "is_intro": true,
                "comment": "hi, i found <https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/blob\/master\/proposals\/r1\/Next-Consensus-Architecture-Proposal.md>",
                "channel": ""
            },
            "num_stars": 1
        },
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "upload": true,
        "display_as_bot": false,
        "username": "<@U12452RAP|grapebaba>",
        "bot_id": null,
        "ts": "1473768351.000261"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "text": "these two documents has some inconsistence",
        "ts": "1473768378.000262"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "text": "the diagram in the pdf not have submitting peer",
        "ts": "1473768411.000263"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "text": "which one is the latest design",
        "ts": "1473768423.000264"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "file_share",
        "text": "<@U12452RAP|grapebaba> uploaded a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/grapebaba\/F2B32L70C\/gossip_fabric_v4.pptx|Gossip_fabric_v4.pptx> and commented: also in the Next-Consensus-Architecture-Proposal.md seems not display the gossip communication in",
        "file": {
            "id": "F2B32L70C",
            "created": 1473768770,
            "timestamp": 1473768770,
            "name": "Gossip_fabric_v4.pptx",
            "title": "Gossip_fabric_v4.pptx",
            "mimetype": "application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation",
            "filetype": "pptx",
            "pretty_type": "PowerPoint Presentation",
            "user": "U12452RAP",
            "editable": false,
            "size": 462774,
            "mode": "hosted",
            "is_external": false,
            "external_type": "",
            "is_public": true,
            "public_url_shared": false,
            "display_as_bot": false,
            "username": "",
            "url_private": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F2B32L70C\/gossip_fabric_v4.pptx?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "url_private_download": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F2B32L70C\/download\/gossip_fabric_v4.pptx?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "permalink": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/grapebaba\/F2B32L70C\/gossip_fabric_v4.pptx",
            "permalink_public": "https:\/\/slack-files.com\/T0J024XGA-F2B32L70C-4e65dd53e4",
            "channels": [
                "C0Z4NBUN6"
            ],
            "groups": [],
            "ims": [],
            "comments_count": 1,
            "initial_comment": {
                "id": "Fc2B3FD7GF",
                "created": 1473768770,
                "timestamp": 1473768770,
                "user": "U12452RAP",
                "is_intro": true,
                "comment": "also in the Next-Consensus-Architecture-Proposal.md seems not display the gossip communication in",
                "channel": ""
            },
            "num_stars": 1
        },
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "upload": true,
        "display_as_bot": false,
        "username": "<@U12452RAP|grapebaba>",
        "bot_id": null,
        "ts": "1473768771.000265"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U12452RAP",
        "text": "can we have these design in one guide?",
        "ts": "1473768904.000266"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0Y14MWA2",
        "text": "<@U12452RAP> good point - synchronization of these two documents is on the way - will post here (and elsewhere) as soon as the consolidated design is available",
        "ts": "1473772389.000267",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U12452RAP"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0Y14MWA2",
        "text": "thanks for the patience",
        "ts": "1473772393.000268"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U0XPR4NP4>  - you around?",
        "ts": "1473784314.000269"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "I am",
        "ts": "1473784323.000270"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "so trying to figure out getting the change sets you posted for solo and selecting ledger interface reviewed and merged",
        "ts": "1473784365.000271"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "I saw Kostas had some comments, was going to address them",
        "ts": "1473784390.000272"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "But need to get those fixes from over the weekend into 0.5 and master for 0.6 today",
        "ts": "1473784405.000273"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/957\/>   seems to conflict with <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/957\/3>",
        "ts": "1473784414.000274"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "okay - makes sense",
        "ts": "1473784418.000275"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "Ah, damn, I thought gerrit was smarter than that",
        "ts": "1473784446.000276"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "I can rebase the patch series",
        "ts": "1473784450.000277"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "no rush - but looked like interesting code for people to start using  :wink:",
        "ts": "1473784519.000278"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "Thanks, at least the very first blush solo stuff is in there, so people can at least explore an implementation of the proto api, but splitting out the ledger implementations should ultimately help us hook in the work the ledger crew is doing as well as give us something for pbft to hook into now that it's no longer in the peer",
        "ts": "1473784607.000279"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "<@U0XQ35CDD> <@U0PB67X4K> <@U0UGH3X7X> <@U0XR6J961> <@U1KDAMDJ7> <@U0UKTPMG8> I've submitted the fixes found this weekend to master to hopefully get in before the 0.6 cut, <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1039\/> <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1041\/>\n\nThe patches didn't apply as cleanly as I'd hoped, so please review carefully",
        "ts": "1473790733.000280"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "sketchy code   hehe",
        "ts": "1473791484.000281"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "(Just posted an update to patch 2 which substantially cleans up the behave stuff)",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
            "ts": "1473794677.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1473794663.000282"
    }
]