[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U0KPFAZNF>  - what do you mean by \"your needs\"?    I think that we (maintainers) need to agree on the guidance moving forward.  My assertion is quite simple:    the `v0.6 branch` should not be planning additional releases other than fixing bugs with the current feature set.    `master branch` needs to be dedicated to v1.0 development.",
        "ts": "1477041713.001512"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "or forever, no new features in v0.6   :wink:",
        "ts": "1477041736.001513",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "pray",
                "users": [
                    "U0ULK2JPP"
                ],
                "count": 1
            },
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U0ULK2JPP"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0PB67X4K>: I just mean that outside of my community activity, I have a team building things in hyperledger:  we are currently building them on a fairly old tree that sits somewhere between the v0.5 and v0.6 releases.  I am interested in picking up some of the latest work, including the baseimage update and shim changes.  The v0.6 branch is a little too old, the convergence branch is too new, and the master branch is \"just right\". So, what I am wondering is if there is anyone else out there either like me, or can sympathize with me, about this dilemma ",
        "ts": "1477049646.001514"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "Otherwise, I'll probably have to maintain this on my own (which is fine, just not ideal)",
        "ts": "1477049688.001515"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "It sounds like the inertia is really behind convergence though, and that is fine",
        "ts": "1477049718.001516"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "Who knows, maybe convergence is stable enough that we can use it",
        "ts": "1477049746.001517"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "can one of you guys help out a community contributor with this? <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1823\/>, it\u2019s really trivial (inline doc update), but would encourage this first-time contributor",
        "ts": "1477050272.001518"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U13TWBRBL>: someone said yesterday that we shouldn't be accepting any more SDK patches in master",
        "ts": "1477050463.001519"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "Let me see if I can find who said that",
        "ts": "1477050476.001520"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "probably me  :wink:",
        "ts": "1477050504.001521"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "Hah, it was <@U13TWBRBL> ",
        "ts": "1477050528.001522"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "On the <#C2NESEYV9|fabric-reconcile> ",
        "ts": "1477050581.001523"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "I have no problem with the patch.  If you are ok with more patches going in <@U13TWBRBL> I'll merge this when at my desk ",
        "ts": "1477050708.001524"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "Any objections <@U0PB67X4K> ",
        "ts": "1477050726.001525"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "?",
        "ts": "1477050730.001526"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "I don't have an issue, although I think the patch will end up going no where since the SDK will be removed from master soon I believe.  So if someone wants to get it in, it would make sense to put it in the v0.6 branch (which we REALLY don't want to encourage).  But I have no problem with it, I just think that he'll never see the fruit of his labor   :disappointed:",
        "ts": "1477050843.001527"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "Back to the previous discussion on releases, here's the dilemma as I see it:\n\n1) It has really been a struggle for people who just want to use the fabric and develop chaincode and applications up to this point.  I've seen that at several hackathons, etc.  The reason is that it is VERY hard to figure out what works with what.  Things like shim changes between v0.5 and v0.6 plus the fact that Go has no versioning in terms of packages have really been a problem.  Also, interface changes make it tough to keep the NodeSDK compatible with release versions of the fabric\n\n2)  We are REALLY struggling to get the V1 work to be the focus for the community as well as get an integrated end to end working version of V1 which we can now fully test and add to.  In order to do this, we need to strip out all of the code from the prior (through v0.6) architecture which really means that the v0.6 branch needs to become that last release of the old architecture",
        "ts": "1477050969.001528"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "Ok, that's fine as long as it's understood that can go the other way too",
        "ts": "1477051553.001529"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "But I agree that the branches are painful and the antithesis of real \"CI\"",
        "ts": "1477051590.001530"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "That's why I was advocating perhaps one more v0.6.2 actually",
        "ts": "1477051626.001531"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "Capture the work in master before it's lost in the shuffle",
        "ts": "1477051644.001532"
    },
    {
        "user": "U0KQ9QKH6",
        "text": "<@U0KQ9QKH6|pmullaney> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1477058183.001533"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP>: at one point you mentioned you might have time to test the new v0.2.0 (ubuntu 16.04, etc) baseimage",
        "ts": "1477062567.001534"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "its ready to try: <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1897\/>",
        "ts": "1477062575.001535"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "pull that CR down, vagrant destroy+yp",
        "ts": "1477062585.001536"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "anyone else that can try it too, I would welcome the exposure",
        "ts": "1477062604.001537"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "to be clear, I have already run through the basics of a complete teardown\/bringup and \u201cmake all\u201d, but it was against locally built artifacts",
        "ts": "1477062666.001538"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "I am not anticipating major problems because of that pre-vetting, but you never know",
        "ts": "1477062689.001539"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "these will be the first runs against the publically hosted artifacts",
        "ts": "1477062707.001540"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U0KPFAZNF>  - is there also a Docker base-image that goes along with that that you'd like someone to test?",
        "ts": "1477062724.001541"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "yes, it was all released together",
        "ts": "1477062733.001542"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "cool.  I'll pull down the Docker image  and check it out.",
        "ts": "1477062759.001543"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "ty",
        "ts": "1477062762.001544"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "an interesting milestone here, aside from upgrading most of the stuff in the image to the latest, is we now support P",
        "ts": "1477062799.001545"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<https:\/\/hub.docker.com\/r\/hyperledger\/fabric-baseimage\/tags\/>",
        "ts": "1477062800.001546"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "Z support isnt quite ready, probably will need a 0.2.1 release to capture it",
        "ts": "1477062820.001547"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "yep - that's cool.  I actually deployed a few Powers servers for myself in Softlayer",
        "ts": "1477062861.001548"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "so I can try that out as well",
        "ts": "1477062868.001549"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "awesome, ty",
        "ts": "1477062872.001550"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "this release has protobuf v3.1, npm v6.7 ubuntu 16.04",
        "ts": "1477062902.001551"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "(though P\/Z were always on 16.04",
        "ts": "1477062923.001552"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "this brings X up to date as well",
        "ts": "1477062932.001553"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "very cool.  we'll want to use the new X base image for the fabric-sdk-node CI moving forward as well so timing is excellent",
        "ts": "1477062984.001554"
    }
]