[
    {
        "user": "U2RMVHMK9",
        "text": "<@U2RMVHMK9|hiepnm> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1478513972.002544"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U2RMVHMK9",
        "text": "I have some dummy questions: What is local ledger? What is it different with shared ledger?\nWhen I read 3.2.1.3 NonHashData section, I met localLedgerCommitTimestamp field. So I'm curious about it",
        "ts": "1478514121.002545"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U0ULK2JPP> is the ESCC and VSCC part ready in the peer for the SDK squads to build APIs on top of it?",
        "ts": "1478548823.002546"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U0ULK2JPP> <@U0KN2SSKE> <@U0XPR4NP4> <@U0XQ35CDD> I chatted with Kostas about the channel\/subledger work, and was told that some of the calls are stub\u2019ed out, but some are working for real, he pointed me to this story <https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-819>, but it looks like it\u2019s only getting started. so here\u2019s my question: 1) what\u2019s the overall status of this work, and 2) would it be smart for the SDK squad to start working on building APIs on top of it?",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U13TWBRBL",
            "ts": "1478549054.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1478549037.002547"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XPR4NP4",
        "text": "1) I would say that APIs are nearly final (hopefully last proto related commit will be merged later today), but implementation support may not be ready for some period of time (<@U0XQ35CDD> can speak better to this).  2) If the SDK wants to start building APIs, I think that may be okay, with the caveat that they will have nothing to test them against until the implementation is ready",
        "ts": "1478549162.002549"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "thanks <@U0XPR4NP4> , that helps a lot",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U13TWBRBL",
            "ts": "1478549560.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1478549545.002550"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "<@U13TWBRBL> regarding ESCC and VSCC .. the ESCC part is being worked on by <@U26T99AQ4> in <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/2135>",
        "ts": "1478549665.002552"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KN2SSKE",
        "text": "jim, are you looking to start sdk on multichannel?",
        "ts": "1478549705.002553"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U0KN2SSKE> yeah was trying to decide if i should start on that in this sprint or not",
        "ts": "1478549736.002554"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KN2SSKE",
        "text": "it is not ready and probably not until end of the month, but maybe we should stub out grpc apis",
        "ts": "1478549748.002555"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KN2SSKE",
        "text": "i think next sprint would be best",
        "ts": "1478549783.002556"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "<@U0KN2SSKE> based on what Jason and Kostas tell me the grpc APIs are almost done being stub\u2019ed out",
        "ts": "1478549789.002557"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KN2SSKE",
        "text": "you also need them on the peer side, which hasn\u2019t been started",
        "ts": "1478549819.002558"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KN2SSKE",
        "text": "maybe you can start as the peer will use a system chaincode to join the channel, so it\u2019s a transaction proposal api",
        "ts": "1478550092.002559"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "yep, that\u2019s my understanding as well",
        "ts": "1478550109.002560"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KN2SSKE",
        "text": "the proto has the chainID defined now",
        "ts": "1478550113.002561"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0XQ35CDD",
        "text": "<@U13TWBRBL> Right, everything that I talked about is from the orderer side of things. (So, when I talked about validation logic being there, I wasn't referring to ESCC and VSCC but to the signature validation DSL and policy manager.)",
        "ts": "1478550127.002562"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U13TWBRBL",
        "text": "but was thinking that we could start the API design without being able to test it with a backend, still we\u2019ll be able to write unit tests against the params etc.",
        "ts": "1478550149.002563",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U0KN2SSKE"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    }
]