[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U2RMVHMK9>  - the short answer is yes\n\nThe longer answer is things are slightly more complicated while at the same time more flexible.   Peers now have 2 types of function - endorsing and committing (endorsing peers typically need to be committing peers as well) and we have introduced an ordering service as well.    The basic pattern is that a client \/ application sends proposals to endorsing peers (which run chaincode to simulate the results), collects endorsed responses, submits them to ordering which then comes back to the committing function of the peers.   \n\nFor the initial version of V1, you'll be able to add endorsing and\/or committing peers dynamically",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0PB67X4K",
            "ts": "1478774812.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1478774800.002734",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "U2RMVHMK9"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U2RMVHMK9",
        "text": "<@U0PB67X4K> thank you",
        "ts": "1478775380.002736"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0XPR4NP4>: <@U24M29R4G> ty",
        "ts": "1478778007.002737"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "fallback": "[November 10th, 2016 7:06 AM] garisingh: Sorry for the wide blast here, but while I was reviewing stuff, thought I should send out a note on things which will make life easier for the maintainers and will help contributions be merged more quickly:\n\n1) Please make sure to reference a JIRA item in your commits - especially for new functionality\n\n2) Let's try to add a little more detail to some of the JIRA entries - one line entries \/ descriptions don't help us understand what contribution is trying to achieve\n\n3) When people make comments in gerrit, once you address them please mark them as done (by clicking in the comment and hitting done  :slightly_smiling_face:  )\n\n4) You'll notice that we push back a lot on lack of tests - please test locally and use a coverage tool to see where you stand\n\n5) Run linters, go import, etc to reduce CI failures",
                "ts": "1478779599.000514",
                "author_subname": "garisingh",
                "channel_id": "C29512UHF",
                "channel_name": "fabric-sdk-node-dev",
                "is_msg_unfurl": true,
                "text": "Sorry for the wide blast here, but while I was reviewing stuff, thought I should send out a note on things which will make life easier for the maintainers and will help contributions be merged more quickly:\n\n1) Please make sure to reference a JIRA item in your commits - especially for new functionality\n\n2) Let's try to add a little more detail to some of the JIRA entries - one line entries \/ descriptions don't help us understand what contribution is trying to achieve\n\n3) When people make comments in gerrit, once you address them please mark them as done (by clicking in the comment and hitting done  :slightly_smiling_face:  )\n\n4) You'll notice that we push back a lot on lack of tests - please test locally and use a coverage tool to see where you stand\n\n5) Run linters, go import, etc to reduce CI failures",
                "author_link": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/team\/garisingh",
                "author_icon": "https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2016-09-10\/78323915894_521dc680194c08b166e0_48.jpg",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ],
                "color": "D0D0D0",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/archives\/fabric-sdk-node-dev\/p1478779599000514",
                "is_share": true,
                "footer": "Posted in #fabric-sdk-node-dev"
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1478779744.002738"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "&gt;I think <@U0ULK2JPP> might have put something together for when he demoed the end to end flow at the hackathon, but not certain",
        "ts": "1478780678.002739"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "file_share",
        "text": "<@U0ULK2JPP|muralisr> uploaded a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/muralisr\/F30R35B51\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md|simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md> and commented: <@U0KPFAZNF> <@U0XPR4NP4> the above doc goes over the steps to run end to end test in latest master V1",
        "file": {
            "id": "F30R35B51",
            "created": 1478780775,
            "timestamp": 1478780775,
            "name": "simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md",
            "title": "simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md",
            "mimetype": "text\/plain",
            "filetype": "markdown",
            "pretty_type": "Markdown (raw)",
            "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
            "editable": true,
            "size": 4254,
            "mode": "snippet",
            "is_external": false,
            "external_type": "",
            "is_public": true,
            "public_url_shared": false,
            "display_as_bot": false,
            "username": "",
            "url_private": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F30R35B51\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "url_private_download": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F30R35B51\/download\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "permalink": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/muralisr\/F30R35B51\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md",
            "permalink_public": "https:\/\/slack-files.com\/T0J024XGA-F30R35B51-c52ece6be9",
            "edit_link": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/muralisr\/F30R35B51\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md\/edit",
            "preview": "# V1.0 Skeletal Environment\nThe V1.0 work is on its way (please see https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-37 for details).\n\nUsers wishing to use pre V1.0 fabric should use branch `v0.6` under https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/admin\/projects\/fabric,branches\n",
            "preview_highlight": "<div class=\"CodeMirror cm-s-default CodeMirrorServer\" oncopy=\"if(event.clipboardData){event.clipboardData.setData('text\/plain',window.getSelection().toString().replace(\/\\u200b\/g,''));event.preventDefault();event.stopPropagation();}\">\n<div class=\"CodeMirror-code\">\n<div><pre><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\"># <\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\">V1.0<\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\"> <\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\">Skeletal<\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\"> <\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\">Environment<\/span><\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre>The V1.0 work is on its way (please see https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-37 for details).<\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre>&#8203;<\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre>Users wishing to use pre V1.0 fabric should use branch <span class=\"cm-comment\">`<\/span><span class=\"cm-comment\">v0.6<\/span><span class=\"cm-comment\">`<\/span> under https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/admin\/projects\/fabric,branches<\/pre><\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n",
            "lines": 86,
            "lines_more": 81,
            "preview_is_truncated": true,
            "channels": [
                "C0YPYBVJM"
            ],
            "groups": [],
            "ims": [],
            "comments_count": 1,
            "initial_comment": {
                "id": "Fc30785W9F",
                "created": 1478780775,
                "timestamp": 1478780775,
                "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
                "is_intro": true,
                "comment": "<@U0KPFAZNF> <@U0XPR4NP4> the above doc goes over the steps to run end to end test in latest master V1",
                "channel": ""
            }
        },
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "upload": true,
        "display_as_bot": false,
        "username": "<@U0ULK2JPP|muralisr>",
        "bot_id": null,
        "ts": "1478780776.002740"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "We should also have the equivalent flow from SDK too",
        "ts": "1478780803.002741"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0ULK2JPP> ty, and now that I see it, I recall you already sent that to me before",
        "ts": "1478780807.002742"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "<@U13TWBRBL> ^^^",
        "ts": "1478780810.002743"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "sorry for the repeat",
        "ts": "1478780813.002744"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "no worries at all!!",
        "ts": "1478780821.002745"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "one thing to point out",
        "ts": "1478780834.002746"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "if we change fabric\/peer\/core.yaml with the right default we don\u2019t need CORE_PEER_COMMITTER_LEDGER_ORDERER=0.0.0.0:5151 in that doc",
        "ts": "1478780887.002747"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "its a nit but I can imagine people getting bitten by that",
        "ts": "1478780906.002748"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "ok, ill try to stand it up later and see what I run into",
        "ts": "1478781268.002749"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "I am in some epic meeting right now",
        "ts": "1478781276.002750"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "have fun with that <@U0KPFAZNF>",
        "ts": "1478781397.002753"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "ty, ty",
        "ts": "1478781420.002754"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "one more thing to make my head spin",
        "ts": "1478781427.002755"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0PB67X4K> so, now that membersrvc is removed from the repo, if I want to run with the SDK, do I just build\/stand-up cop in a similar way?",
        "ts": "1478782054.002756"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "(does the SDK even support 1.0 yet?)",
        "ts": "1478782063.002757"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "I know in the past, the SDK could only connect if membersrvc was running even if security was disabled)",
        "ts": "1478782083.002758"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "so I am assuming that is still true, but perhaps it isnt",
        "ts": "1478782091.002759"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "the SDKs don't communicate with cop yet (and actually we want to remove the \"mandatory\" connection going forward - i.e. you should be able to use your own certs if you want).  I think the current tests do call out to membership services still using the v0.6.1 Docker image.",
        "ts": "1478782971.002760"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "that makes sense since its largely the architecture I am familiar with",
        "ts": "1478783541.002761"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0PB67X4K> let me play the first part back: so IIUC, the new SDK can communicate with the master branch peer, but not with security\/tcerts\/etc",
        "ts": "1478783591.002762"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "?",
        "ts": "1478783599.002763"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "file_share",
        "text": "<@U0ULK2JPP|muralisr> uploaded a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/muralisr\/F31JC0MPZ\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md|simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md> and commented: <@U0KPFAZNF> just realized the doc needed to by updated for chaincode naming",
        "file": {
            "id": "F31JC0MPZ",
            "created": 1478783638,
            "timestamp": 1478783638,
            "name": "simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md",
            "title": "simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md",
            "mimetype": "text\/plain",
            "filetype": "markdown",
            "pretty_type": "Markdown (raw)",
            "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
            "editable": true,
            "size": 4025,
            "mode": "snippet",
            "is_external": false,
            "external_type": "",
            "is_public": true,
            "public_url_shared": false,
            "display_as_bot": false,
            "username": "",
            "url_private": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F31JC0MPZ\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "url_private_download": "https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F31JC0MPZ\/download\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e",
            "permalink": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/muralisr\/F31JC0MPZ\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md",
            "permalink_public": "https:\/\/slack-files.com\/T0J024XGA-F31JC0MPZ-4da4c225ed",
            "edit_link": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/muralisr\/F31JC0MPZ\/simple_test_with_skeletal_peer.md\/edit",
            "preview": "# V1.0 Skeletal Environment\nThe V1.0 work is on its way (please see https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-37 for details).\n\nThe approach being taken is to have a skeletal implementation in with minimal component hookups to enable\n",
            "preview_highlight": "<div class=\"CodeMirror cm-s-default CodeMirrorServer\" oncopy=\"if(event.clipboardData){event.clipboardData.setData('text\/plain',window.getSelection().toString().replace(\/\\u200b\/g,''));event.preventDefault();event.stopPropagation();}\">\n<div class=\"CodeMirror-code\">\n<div><pre><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\"># <\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\">V1.0<\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\"> <\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\">Skeletal<\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\"> <\/span><span class=\"cm-header cm-header-1\">Environment<\/span><\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre>The V1.0 work is on its way (please see https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-37 for details).<\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre>&#8203;<\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre>The approach being taken is to have a skeletal implementation in with minimal component hookups to enable<\/pre><\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n",
            "lines": 85,
            "lines_more": 80,
            "preview_is_truncated": true,
            "channels": [
                "C0YPYBVJM"
            ],
            "groups": [],
            "ims": [],
            "comments_count": 1,
            "initial_comment": {
                "id": "Fc31J0KS1L",
                "created": 1478783638,
                "timestamp": 1478783638,
                "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
                "is_intro": true,
                "comment": "<@U0KPFAZNF> just realized the doc needed to by updated for chaincode naming",
                "channel": ""
            }
        },
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "upload": true,
        "display_as_bot": false,
        "username": "<@U0ULK2JPP|muralisr>",
        "bot_id": null,
        "ts": "1478783639.002764"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "ah, ty",
        "ts": "1478783653.002765"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "perhaps put this in the wiki?",
        "ts": "1478783667.002766"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
        "text": "(sorry for the interrupt\u2026 you had a q. above for <@U0PB67X4K> \u2026.about the doc in the wiki, we could but I don\u2019t know how. Would you be able to do that \u2026 or let me know ?)",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0ULK2JPP",
            "ts": "1478783771.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1478783668.002767"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U0KPFAZNF> - currently the new version of the SDK actually does communicate with the old membersrvcs but the new peer does not do anything to enforce security.  <@U13TWBRBL>  and team are working to decouple the new SDK from the old membersrvcs",
        "ts": "1478784500.002769"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "related: does that mean I need to be running an old membersrvc to satisfy the login?",
        "ts": "1478784533.002770"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "e.g. 0.6.1-preview?",
        "ts": "1478784543.002771"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "actually the peer has no security right now so technically you can interact with the peer without signing anything",
        "ts": "1478784594.002772"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "of course the SDK I think might still follow the path of requiring login currently",
        "ts": "1478784614.002773"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "so its weird - SDK logs in to old membersrvc but peer could care less",
        "ts": "1478784630.002774"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "thats actually how I have been running for a while now anyway",
        "ts": "1478785588.002775"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "sdk+membersrvc+peer, security off, membersrvc only there to satisfy SDK",
        "ts": "1478785609.002776"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "(I do this because I want to be on top of the SDK so tcerts\/ABAC\/etc\/ will work, but I am not currently testing that part",
        "ts": "1478785642.002777"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U2W7U5UA3",
        "text": "<@U0ULK2JPP>  <@U0KPFAZNF> Just noticed.. Line 80 of that doc \"Excercise\" should probably be \"Exercise\"",
        "ts": "1478785682.002778"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0PB67X4K> <@U0ULK2JPP> I am going to go through the v1.0 doc today, but based on my new local OSX builds, and see where I get",
        "ts": "1478785959.002779"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "I am looking at what the new workflow might look like",
        "ts": "1478785974.002780"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "I suspect ill need to port my SDK clients though...i guessing the new ES6 API is not ABI compatible with the old TS based one",
        "ts": "1478786013.002781"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "hopefully its not completely orthogonal and then it should go quickly",
        "ts": "1478786034.002782"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "I'm going to write-up a requirement on improving the logging infrastructure and possibly implement it too.  I was looking at using the logrus package?  I'll write up a JIRA entry, but anyone have any other thoughts, objections, etc?",
        "ts": "1478792320.002783"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ZJZBJLF",
        "text": "wasn't <@U1L24390X>  doing something in the logging area?",
        "ts": "1478792387.002784"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "he was making the level dynamically configurable.  I see <https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-61>   <@U0KN2SSKE>  - anyone working on this?",
        "ts": "1478792531.002785"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U2W7U5UA3> ty for the typo note, btw",
        "ts": "1478792786.002786"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1L24390X",
        "text": "Yes, I added a way to set and get the logging levels dynamically using CLI. That should be able to easily be modified should we switch the underlying logging package, I believe.",
        "ts": "1478793127.002787"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1L24390X",
        "text": "In regards to errors, <@U1AU8DRQR> implemented an error handling framework (found in core\/errors) which I\u2019ve been working to utilize in the logging code as an example for other components.",
        "ts": "1478793285.002788"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U1L24390X> - so is the idea to have all components use the fabric\/flogging package?  There are still places which use go-loggin directly.  I was planning to mess around with the flogging package and swap out different loggers to do some testing",
        "ts": "1478793567.002789"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1AU8DRQR",
        "text": "I support the idea to use a common logging technique",
        "ts": "1478793664.002790"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1AU8DRQR",
        "text": "e.g. some kind of fabric level framework",
        "ts": "1478793674.002791"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "cool - that's what I was thinking as well",
        "ts": "1478793716.002792"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1AU8DRQR",
        "text": "uh I am a little bit sad that we are on the same page, but.. OK :stuck_out_tongue:",
        "ts": "1478793742.002793"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1L24390X",
        "text": "As far as I\u2019ve seen the flogging package just handles initializing the go-logging levels to default values coming from viper.  I\u2019d expect everywhere else to use go-logging directly when defining a new logging module for their code. Correct me if I\u2019m mistaken on any of that though.",
        "ts": "1478794085.002794"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1AU8DRQR",
        "text": "so it is just a configurator module for gologging?",
        "ts": "1478794174.002795"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1L24390X",
        "text": "That\u2019s how I read the code, yes. The only functions beyond LoggingInit, init, and DefaultLoggingLevel are ones I added for dynamically getting\/setting the go-logging module levels.",
        "ts": "1478794348.002796"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1WUAQJVC",
        "text": "Hi All, In production mode, if i want to refer to some static file from my chain code where do i need to keep it and how to refer it?",
        "ts": "1478836759.002797"
    },
    {
        "user": "U2Z3FNF2N",
        "text": "<@U2Z3FNF2N|jinyu> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1478848132.002798"
    }
]