[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0YQK8WSV",
        "text": "<@U0KM61BCP>  Chris.. There was a discussion today about making fabric sdk working group a formal working group so that the meeting information is present on the wiki site as well as we can give updates to TSC regularly.. how do we make this a formal working group?",
        "ts": "1475149615.000109"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KM61BCP",
        "text": "I\u2019ve kind of been thinking of that myself <@U0YQK8WSV> - we do this by declaration;-)",
        "ts": "1475156742.000110"
    },
    {
        "user": "U1Z1KQDMM",
        "text": "<@U1Z1KQDMM|rajnair2k> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1475179808.000111"
    }
]