[{"user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U13TWBRBL|jzhang> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472226274.000002"},{"user":"U13TWBRBL","purpose":"Design and development discussions covering sdks for all languages (node.js, Java, python, GO, etc.)","text":"<@U13TWBRBL|jzhang> set the channel purpose: Design and development discussions covering sdks for all languages (node.js, Java, python, GO, etc.)","type":"message","subtype":"channel_purpose","ts":"1472226274.000003"},{"user":"U0ULK2JPP","inviter":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0ULK2JPP|muralisr> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472226274.000004"},{"user":"U0YQK8WSV","inviter":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0YQK8WSV|pvishnum> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472226274.000005"},{"user":"U1Y2R5C9L","inviter":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U1Y2R5C9L|maltaf> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472226274.000006"},{"user":"U0YATJ18S","inviter":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0YATJ18S|dileban> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472226274.000007"},{"user":"U0Z41KY5V","inviter":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0Z41KY5V|baohua> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472226274.000008"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"thanks <@U0Z41KY5V> for uploading a starting draft for the common SDK design spec: <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit>","ts":"1472479656.000002"},{"type":"message","subtype":"file_share","text":"<@U13TWBRBL|jzhang> shared a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/jzhang\/F2602T5QF\/fabricsdkdesignspec|Fabric SDK Design Spec>","file":{"id":"F2602T5QF","created":1472479684,"timestamp":1472479684,"name":"FabricSDKDesignSpec","title":"Fabric SDK Design Spec","mimetype":"application\/vnd.google-apps.document","filetype":"gdoc","pretty_type":"GDocs Document","user":"U13TWBRBL","editable":false,"size":4946,"mode":"external","is_external":true,"external_type":"gdrive","is_public":true,"public_url_shared":false,"display_as_bot":false,"username":"","url_private":"https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit?usp=drivesdk","thumb_64":"https:\/\/a.slack-edge.com\/66f9\/img\/files\/gdraw_64.png","thumb_360":"https:\/\/a.slack-edge.com\/272a\/img\/files\/gdoc_360.png","thumb_360_w":360,"thumb_360_h":167,"permalink":"https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/jzhang\/F2602T5QF\/fabricsdkdesignspec","channels":["C25AQBS4B"],"groups":[],"ims":[],"comments_count":0},"user":"U13TWBRBL","upload":false,"display_as_bot":false,"username":"<@U13TWBRBL|jzhang>","bot_id":null,"ts":"1472479684.000003"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"Overview\nThis document explains what a fabric software development kit (SDK) should accomplish by defining the data models and apis available to chaincode and application developers. \nGoals\nChaincode development\n\t\tFabric SDK should enable developers to write and unit test chaincode. Developers should be able to test their chaincode without needing to deploy the chaincode to the network. \nApplication development\n\t\tFabric SDK should enable developers to write applications that can interact with the network in various ways. Applications may invoke\/query chaincodes, listen to the events generated by the network, retrieve information about the blocks and transactions stored in the ledger etc.\nWell documented api(s), data models, and sample code\nSDK should provide clearly written documentation regarding the available apis, data models, and examples illustrating how the apis can be used.\nEase of use\n\t\tChaincode developers and application developers are concerned with writing business logic. Even though it is advantageous for developers to be familiar with internals of fabric project, it should not be a prerequisite.  As such, SDK should not have any compile time dependencies on fabric project (other than the proto files that define various contracts). SDK packages\/jars\/libraries should be made available through well known repositories so that developers can easily install them and start writing chaincode developing applications right away.\n \f\nWhat is the difference between Chaincode and Application code?\n\n\tBoth chaincode and application code contain business logic.  The main difference is where the code is deployed.\n\tChaincode is deployed on the network and can read\/write world state using api provided by SDK. \n\tApplication code is not deployed on the network. Applications will use the SDK to invoke the chaincode deployed on the network, listen to various events generated by the network, query transactions and blocks present in the ledger.","ts":"1472479862.000004"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"I am thinking we should have an overview and goals of sdk","ts":"1472479884.000005"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"how does the above description sound?","ts":"1472479896.000006"},{"user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"<@U0KM61BCP|cbf> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472485421.000007"},{"user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<@U0KN2SSKE|binhn> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472491465.000008"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<@U0S5KF44D>","ts":"1472491481.000009"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<@U0ZR63HLK>","ts":"1472491534.000010"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0YQK8WSV> good point in expanding the \u201cSDK\u201d notion to supporting chaincode development. I think today\u2019s requirement of the fabric source itself in order to write GO chaincode is not acceptable. we need a more appropriate GO source package for chaincode compile purposes.","ts":"1472493664.000011"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"i\u2019ve merged your content above to the google doc, and added a history section on top to help with understanding the modifications","ts":"1472493717.000012"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"I formatted the document.. please check","ts":"1472512701.000013"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"Thanks everyone\u2019s update, I revise the api part. let\u2019s make it more complete, thanks! <@U13TWBRBL> <@U0YQK8WSV>","ts":"1472529578.000014"},{"user":"U0ZR63HLK","text":"<@U0ZR63HLK|adc> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472571760.000015"},{"user":"U23CGEC7N","text":"<@U23CGEC7N|rafael> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472572087.000016"},{"user":"U268EB76W","text":"<@U268EB76W|chainsaw> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472574060.000017"},{"user":"U0Z5BHCEM","text":"<@U0Z5BHCEM|suma> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472574675.000018"},{"user":"U19VASPGV","text":"<@U19VASPGV|ccorley> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472574955.000019"},{"user":"U0Y62UYF7","text":"<@U0Y62UYF7|jachtermann> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472574974.000020"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Added a section for Design. Details to be added","ts":"1472622784.000021"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"created the doodle link to find the best time suitable for everyone","ts":"1472655208.000022"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"<http:\/\/doodle.com\/poll\/pn45n6gkkpapywpa>","attachments":[{"title":"Doodle: SDK Spec meeting","title_link":"http:\/\/doodle.com\/poll\/pn45n6gkkpapywpa","text":"Doodle radically simplifies the process of scheduling events, meetings, appointments, etc. Herding cats gets 2x faster with Doodle. For free!","fallback":"Doodle: SDK Spec meeting","image_url":"http:\/\/doodle.com\/graphics\/static\/facebookSharingThumbnail.png","from_url":"http:\/\/doodle.com\/poll\/pn45n6gkkpapywpa","image_width":300,"image_height":200,"image_bytes":6864,"service_icon":"http:\/\/doodle.com\/dist\/normal\/i\/650dd6854eeca2499449e1a762978fc2.png","service_name":"Doodle","id":1}],"ts":"1472655213.000023"},{"user":"U0Y55KNG2","text":"<@U0Y55KNG2|kletkeman> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1472655357.000025"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"I\u2019 ve made some comments in the SDK doc \u2014 I think we should spec out the functions based on the current nodejs sdk, then review and add more to address the new architecture","ts":"1472761934.000026"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Agreed","ts":"1472777245.000027"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U0KN2SSKE>  agreed, and thanks for the comments! Once the new architecture is defined detailedly enough, we should definitely support it.","ts":"1472811434.000028"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<@U0Z41KY5V> the new architecture is attached to FAB-37 in Jira","ts":"1472820429.000029"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"yes, i read it before at github, and also found under the doc\/ dir, guess the latter is the newer version :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1472820472.000030"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"i didn\u2019t put it under doc\/ and can\u2019t find it;  could you paste the link here \u2014 in any case, go with fab-37","ts":"1472825641.000031"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"sure, there are several, and I will add those new arch related links at the end of the sdk spec.","ts":"1473039468.000002"},{"user":"U21PYLBH7","text":"<@U21PYLBH7|mint> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1473098883.000003"},{"type":"message","user":"U21PYLBH7","text":"mint [1:52 AM]  \nhi, everyone, I have a question. We know that fabric rest api is based on swagger. And so I am using swagger client generator to generate client sdk for golang. The generated code looks seems good, but can't be use.\n```\"ConfidentialityLevel\":{\n            \"type\": \"string\",\n            \"default\": \"PUBLIC\",\n            \"example\": \"PUBLIC\",\n            \"enum\":[\n                \"PUBLIC\",\n                \"CONFIDENTIAL\"\n              ],\n            \"description\": \"Confidentiality level of the Chaincode.\"\n        },```\n\n[1:53]  \nConfidentialityLevel will be generated as\n``` \n\/*ConfidentialityLevel Confidentiality level of the Chaincode.\n\nswagger:model ConfidentialityLevel\n*\/\ntype ConfidentialityLevel string\n\n\/\/ for schema\nvar confidentialityLevelEnum []interface{}\n\nfunc (m ConfidentialityLevel) validateConfidentialityLevelEnum(path, location string, value ConfidentialityLevel) error {\n    if confidentialityLevelEnum == nil {\n        var res []ConfidentialityLevel\n        if err := json.Unmarshal([]byte(`[\"PUBLIC\",\"CONFIDENTIAL\"]`), &amp;res); err != nil {\n            return err\n        }\n        for _, v := range res {\n            confidentialityLevelEnum = append(confidentialityLevelEnum, v)\n        }\n    }\n    if err := validate.Enum(path, location, value, confidentialityLevelEnum); err != nil {\n        return err\n    }\n    return nil\n}\n\n\/\/ Validate validates this confidentiality level\nfunc (m ConfidentialityLevel) Validate(formats strfmt.Registry) error {\n    var res []error\n\n    \/\/ value enum\n    if err := m.validateConfidentialityLevelEnum(\"\", \"body\", m); err != nil {\n        return err\n    }\n\n    if len(res) &gt; 0 {\n        return errors.CompositeValidationError(res...)\n    }\n    return nil\n}\n```\n\n[1:54]  \nbut vp will get\n```[rest] ProcessChaincode -&gt; ERRO 04f Error unmarshalling chaincode request payload: json: cannot unmarshal string into Go value of type protos.ConfidentialityLevel ```\nIs there a solution to avoid the bug?\n\nmint [2:05 AM]  \nI registered an account in <https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org>, but it seems avoid me to login. And GitHub can not open a issue,  make me crazy","ts":"1473098927.000004"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U21PYLBH7> please use your linux foundation account, if not having one, you can register for free.","ts":"1473156825.000005"},{"user":"U0NK7T8SH","text":"<@U0NK7T8SH|bryan-huang> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1473159076.000006"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"<@U13TWBRBL>  Jim, can you post the SDK spec doc link again?  Previous link you posted is no longer available in the chat","ts":"1473190384.000007"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0YQK8WSV> here it is: <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit#heading=h.iu4tg5z0511t>","ts":"1473194636.000008"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"Here\u2019s the link of the SDK spec doc that members on this channel are collaborating on: <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit#heading=h.iu4tg5z0511t>","ts":"1473194719.000009"},{"type":"message","subtype":"pinned_item","user":"U13TWBRBL","item_type":"C","attachments":[{"fallback":"[September 6th, 2016 1:45 PM] jzhang: Here\u2019s the link of the SDK spec doc that members on this channel are collaborating on: <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit#heading=h.iu4tg5z0511t>","ts":"1473194719.000009","author_subname":"jzhang","channel_id":"C25AQBS4B","channel_name":"fabric-sdk-dev","is_msg_unfurl":true,"text":"Here\u2019s the link of the SDK spec doc that members on this channel are collaborating on: <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit#heading=h.iu4tg5z0511t>","author_name":"Jim Zhang","author_link":"https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/team\/jzhang","author_icon":"https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/693baf7118ea52f1ad0aadf6fa97d962.jpg?s=48&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2F66f9%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0010-48.png","mrkdwn_in":["text"]}],"text":"<@U13TWBRBL|jzhang> pinned a message to this channel.","ts":"1473194729.000010"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0YQK8WSV> <@U0Z41KY5V> <@U1Y2R5C9L> can we agree that the spec doc is going to be targeting Fabric 1.0? some of the v1.0-specific components are starting to emerge from dev mode and it\u2019s what the Fabric teams are focused on. it makes sense to me that this collaborative SDK design will produce something that works with v1.0 instead of trying to cater to the existing (old) architecture. otherwise we could spend a lot of time designing something that will be thrown away in a couple of months","ts":"1473195127.000011"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"agreed that we should target v1.0 .   drawback is that SDK won't be useable until v1.0 comes out?  Will there be no functionality deploy\/invoke\/query that can work with current version if we target v1.0 ?","ts":"1473195496.000012"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"deploy\/invoke are very different in v1.0: what\u2019s now a single step involving the whole network is broken apart into endorsement collection (involving just a subset of peers, as \u201cendorsers\") and transaction ordering\/validation steps","edited":{"user":"U13TWBRBL","ts":"1473195724.000000"},"ts":"1473195608.000013"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"i suppose query capability may stay the same\u2026 although I heard talks about doing away with Query() in chaincode entirely, making queries \u201cinvoke\u201d operations too. <@U0KN2SSKE> can you advise?","ts":"1473195674.000014"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Agreed. The fabric is in incubation anyway, when the first production version comes out, SDKs should be compatible with that. ","ts":"1473195844.000016","reactions":[{"name":"+1","users":["U13TWBRBL"],"count":1}]},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"Sure, we certainly target 1.0 release, let\u2019s mark that out in the spec, thanks for the pointing. <@U13TWBRBL>","ts":"1473213713.000017"},{"user":"U0P2R5BEZ","text":"<@U0P2R5BEZ|mkrishna> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1473246969.000018"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> yes, the detail is in the deck on fab-37 \u2014 we no longer need query() bc the endorsement flow provides that ability","ts":"1473248887.000019"},{"user":"U0YNFB22X","text":"<@U0YNFB22X|satheesh> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1473252446.000020"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"thanks <@U0KN2SSKE>. so to validate my understanding, to do queries via chaincode in v1.0, a client would send a proposal to one or more endorser (any peer that has the target chaincode deployed), invoke a method and get the results form the ProposalResponse.Response object. if it sends to multiple endorsers it can perform a \u201cstrong read\u201d so it doesn\u2019t have to explicitly trust a single peer","ts":"1473254752.000021"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> right","ts":"1473283319.000022"},{"user":"U21TE1Q9E","text":"<@U21TE1Q9E|obernin> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1473351658.000023"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"we approved the fabric-sdk-py project on the TSC call today\u2026 I have Ry working on setting up the repo","ts":"1473356746.000024","reactions":[{"name":"clap","users":["U13TWBRBL","U1Y2R5C9L"],"count":2}]},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"Thanks! <@U0KM61BCP> We will definitely follow the guidance of the SDK WG.","ts":"1473385127.000025"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"By the way, I believe fabric-sdk-py project will be a good implementation following our emerging sdk-spec :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1473386265.000026"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0Z41KY5V> congrats! definitely agree it can give good feedback to the spec. in the meanwhile node.js SDK is being refactored out of the fabric repo into its own project (as I mentioned earlier) and re-implemented so it\u2019ll also closely follow the spec.","ts":"1473428115.000027"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"Thanks, and that\u2019s good to have multiple sdk implementations. Both Python and Node.js are popular in web services.","ts":"1473430248.000028"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0KM61BCP> <@U0KN2SSKE> we need a top-level project in gerrit for the node.js SDK, so that we can pull it out of the fabric project. I\u2019m starting to work on the new project, where I\u2019m also making a few changes such as 1) removing typescript and use a pure-js based abstract-class\/implementation framework, 2) use gulp for build and test and doc generation.","ts":"1473690640.000029"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"can you advise how we go about it? since this is essentially a refactoring effort, rather than proposing a new feature, I assume it doesn\u2019t need to go through formal TSC review?","ts":"1473690698.000030"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"<@U0PB67X4K> and I were discussing this earlier, and agree","ts":"1473691258.000031"},{"user":"U0PB67X4K","inviter":"U0KM61BCP","text":"<@U0PB67X4K|garisingh> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1473691273.000032"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"are you looking to migrate existing code or start over and pull code as needed?","ts":"1473691300.000033"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> ^^","ts":"1473691324.000034"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"start over and pull code as needed","ts":"1473691378.000035"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0KM61BCP> ^^","ts":"1473691446.000036"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"ok, I\u2019ll take this to <#C0YMWRX19|ci-pipeline> and ask for the repo to be set-up","ts":"1473691782.000037"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"cool, thanks <@U0KM61BCP> !","ts":"1473691800.000038"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/admin\/projects\/fabric-sdk-node>","ts":"1473699206.000039"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"awesome, thanks so much!","ts":"1473699227.000040"},{"user":"U1L1D0SP4","text":"<@U1L1D0SP4|celder> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1473706703.000041"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> <@U0KN2SSKE>   there seems to be some confusion about SDK spec meeting.. We have it on calendar on Wednesday &amp; Thursday and would like to cancel one of them.  If you are going to join tomorrow, we can keep the meeting on Thursday @7am and cancel wednesday meetings..  Will you guys be joining tomorrow?","ts":"1473867958.000042"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<@U0YQK8WSV> i couldn\u2019t join this morning, but don\u2019t key off my availability for this important work though.  I can always catch up right here and review documents and comment","ts":"1473875661.000043"},{"user":"U24M29R4G","text":"<@U24M29R4G|nikileshsa> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1473904213.000044"},{"user":"U2C9LLBFS","text":"<@U2C9LLBFS|mattgallea> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1473984456.000045"},{"user":"U12452RAP","text":"<@U12452RAP|grapebaba> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1474033687.000046"},{"user":"U0YJUECE8","text":"<@U0YJUECE8|silliman> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1474037228.000047"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"i think we should go through our sdk doc <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit#heading=h.z6ne0og04bp5>  to address the comments","ts":"1474038659.000048"},{"user":"U1JT2LQJH","text":"<@U1JT2LQJH|ericmvaughn> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1474057266.000049"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"dear all, welcome for help review the initial commit of fabric-sdk-py, thanks~ <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/1005\/>","ts":"1474080224.000050"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"<@U0KN2SSKE>  Agreed. probably we should add whatever we see reasonable and then discuss in Thursday meeting?","ts":"1474248412.000051"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> <@U0YQK8WSV> <@U1Y2R5C9L> <@U0KN2SSKE> Dear everyone, i\u2019ve updated the doc according to the reviewer\u2019s comments, and added the scenario section. Please help recheck. Thanks!","ts":"1474435368.000052"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Thanks Baohua, I am also adding the crypto algorithms. I hope someone can review them","ts":"1474435553.000053"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":":slightly_smiling_face: Will review that part later, keep improving","ts":"1474440944.000054"},{"user":"U2CSLPV1Q","text":"<@U2CSLPV1Q|hhadass> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1474492553.000055"},{"type":"message","user":"U1JT2LQJH","text":"I just read through the spec and it looks great.  One question, will the SDK be providing the functions for getting the blockchain information that the current REST API provides?  Specifically \/chain, \/chain\/blocks, and \/transactions.","ts":"1474548913.000056"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"Yes","ts":"1474549109.000057"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"since Rest api is deprecated,  SDK will provide the features to get the blockchain info","ts":"1474549132.000058"},{"type":"message","user":"U1JT2LQJH","text":"Thanks, I was hoping that would be the answer.","ts":"1474549166.000059"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"Definitely we will support that fuctionality :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1474557664.000060"},{"user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"<@U0KQ9QKH6|pmullaney> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1474557997.000061"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"<@U0KQ9QKH6>   SDK spec is available @ <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit#heading=h.z6ne0og04bp5>","ts":"1474558625.000062"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"ah ok","ts":"1474558935.000063"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"looks like an api spec?","ts":"1474558951.000064"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"Yes","ts":"1474558966.000065"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"it needs information about how events can be captured","ts":"1474558985.000066"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"looking for events api definition?","ts":"1474558992.000067"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"correct","ts":"1474558996.000068"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"how should we go about this?","ts":"1474559013.000069"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"oh I see I can edit it right here?","ts":"1474559041.000070"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"yes. its available for everyone to edit.","ts":"1474559071.000071"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"ok will do","ts":"1474559095.000072"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"ty","ts":"1474559108.000073"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"obviously this will evolve as the api gets extended","ts":"1474559172.000074"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"Yes.. keeping uptodate with fabric architecture","ts":"1474559200.000075"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"this doc is intended as a reference doc for any new sdk developer if they want to add support for additional languages","ts":"1474559244.000076"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"Hey having trouble with shift-tab to decrease bulleting indent on this doc? Normal?","ts":"1474565671.000077"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"i just use the menu :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1474566492.000078"},{"user":"U0P75RFT4","text":"<@U0P75RFT4|tim.blankers> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1474798860.000079"},{"user":"U0N6V6E67","text":"<@U0N6V6E67|gpartha> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1474803563.000080"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> <@U0YQK8WSV> <@U1Y2R5C9L> <@U0KN2SSKE> Dear everyone, inspired by sheehan today, I add a versioning goal in the spec, to let different implementation of the same versioning have the same functional compatibility. Please drop your comments, thanks~","ts":"1474858410.000081"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U0TFEHX8E>","ts":"1474858415.000082"},{"user":"U0TFEHX8E","inviter":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U0TFEHX8E|sheehan> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1474858427.000083"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"<@U0Z41KY5V> can you please elaborate the versioning a bit more in detail? may be add an example to clarify","ts":"1474865626.000084"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"sure, will add example, thanks maltaf","ts":"1474870135.000085"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"done, is it clear now? <@U1Y2R5C9L>","ts":"1474870988.000086"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"much better, but this implies that client and server versioning should be same which might not be possible in some scenarios (for example to fix a certain issue, a new version is needed). How about we introduce two methods in the Peer and Memberservices (or perhaps Chain) like this:\n- getClientVersion() \/\/ SDK version info\n- getServerVersion() \/\/ server version info","ts":"1474871254.000087"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"yes, and when mentioning compatibility, we can only assume the same client version.","ts":"1474903505.000088"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"hi, all, do we have meeting this week? Thanks!","ts":"1474952970.000089"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"<@U0Z41KY5V> Yes, it is on Thurseday","ts":"1474953071.000090"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"great, where to find the info?","ts":"1474953110.000091"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"for the meeting?","ts":"1474953125.000092"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"you are talking about SDK meeting or the TSC meeting?","ts":"1474953146.000093"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"sdk","ts":"1474953184.000094"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"You should have email in your inbox. Should I resend you the invite?","ts":"1474953237.000095"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"sure, thanks! maybe we should initiate some workgroup, then we can have a wiki page :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1474953346.000096"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Good idea","ts":"1474953363.000097"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"sent","ts":"1474953378.000098"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> <@U0KN2SSKE>  <@U0YQK8WSV>, how do u think?","ts":"1474953397.000099"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"thanks <@U1Y2R5C9L>","ts":"1474953405.000100"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"by the way, is there any access code in China?","ts":"1474953456.000101"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"This is WebEx meeting so you should have a China toll free number","ts":"1474953489.000102"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"access code will be the same","ts":"1474953495.000103"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"great and thanks!","ts":"1474953532.000104"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Toll free number: 8008768591 (en)\nToll number: +86 4000132202 (en)","ts":"1474953549.000105"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"thanks and it's weekly, right?","ts":"1474954609.000106"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"yes","ts":"1474954632.000107"},{"user":"U1TMQDYKE","text":"<@U1TMQDYKE|wil.pannell> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1475012127.000108"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"<@U0KM61BCP>  Chris.. There was a discussion today about making fabric sdk working group a formal working group so that the meeting information is present on the wiki site as well as we can give updates to TSC regularly.. how do we make this a formal working group?","ts":"1475149615.000109"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"I\u2019ve kind of been thinking of that myself <@U0YQK8WSV> - we do this by declaration;-)","ts":"1475156742.000110"},{"user":"U1Z1KQDMM","text":"<@U1Z1KQDMM|rajnair2k> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1475179808.000111"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0KM61BCP> so we basically just sent a note to the mailing lists, informing the formation of the workgroup, its mission and presumably a place in the wiki to log relevant information (call schedules and information, meeting minutes) right?","ts":"1475267249.000112"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"I assume we want to first populate the wiki so when we make the declaration people have the place to go to get information...","ts":"1475267279.000113"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0Z41KY5V> <@U1Y2R5C9L> <@U0KQ9QKH6> <@U0YQK8WSV> I made a few changes in the SDK spec, please review:\n\n- added new_keyValueStore in the top-level \u201cClient\u201d class\n- I think the following APIs are chain-specific so should be moved out of \u201cClient\u201d into \u201cChain\u201d:\n   - member_register\n   - member_enroll\n   - transaction_deploy\n   - transaction_invoke\n   - transaction_query","ts":"1475267585.000114"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> : that sounds right to me","ts":"1475273135.000115"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"<@U13TWBRBL>: the wiki is in transition, but SGTM. ","ts":"1475273976.000116"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> sure, will comment.","ts":"1475292565.000117"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> In my initial design, i propose we can provide some wrapper methods (which can simply call corresponding functions in lower level classes) in the Client class, to let user finish most operations using Client straightforwardly. Does that make sense?","ts":"1475292895.000118"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0Z41KY5V>: yes convenience methods are useful. I think we should leave that for each SDK to decide. The spec should focus on defining the core models and their relationships. Agreed?","ts":"1475516540.000119"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"yes, that makes sense!","ts":"1475544273.000120"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Agreed","ts":"1475544451.000121"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"<@U13TWBRBL>  <@U0YQK8WSV>  <@U0YNFB22X>  <@U0Z41KY5V>  <@U0KQ9QKH6>  I have added some comments in Chain and MemberService APIs. Please have a look at them and see if we can resolve them","ts":"1475733520.000122"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U1Y2R5C9L> got it, will do.","ts":"1475754538.000123"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"I added \u201cMember\u201d class last night and started adding methods, still WIP. in addition I think we are also missing \u201cPeer\u201d (for hosting the protobuf service client code so it should be a small class)","ts":"1475754660.000124"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"correct! Will update the doc after the long national holiday~","ts":"1475828368.000125"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"folks,  I am going through the doc and making changes through out","ts":"1475832870.000126"},{"type":"message","user":"U0PB67X4K","text":"what's the link to the doc?","ts":"1475834062.000127"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"ha ha can\u2019t sleep either?  <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit#>","ts":"1475834107.000128"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"i am done with the Overview section.  Goals sound like requirements.  Working on Scenarios, but the whole doc needs some restructuring because it doesn\u2019t flow well for me","ts":"1475834891.000129"},{"type":"message","user":"U0PB67X4K","text":"well I get up early anyway, but been up at 1:30 yesterday and today","ts":"1475834901.000130"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"good morning work, guys, and i just review the new comments ~~","ts":"1475836219.000131"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"is the call on?  i hear music on the conf","ts":"1476356767.000132"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"I am enjoying the music :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1476356927.000133"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":":slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1476356981.000134"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"me too","ts":"1476356983.000135"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"looks like Joe forgot","ts":"1476356988.000136"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"I am trying to start meeting","ts":"1476357000.000137"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"ok","ts":"1476357010.000138"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"can't find password","ts":"1476357128.000139"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"can we join this instead?","ts":"1476357133.000140"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"1866 7705066","ts":"1476357141.000141"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"passcode: 55102663?","ts":"1476357149.000142"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"sure","ts":"1476357233.000143"},{"type":"message","user":"U0P2R5BEZ","text":"Are you having trouble joining altaf?","ts":"1476357391.000144"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"yes, trying from my cell phone now","ts":"1476357416.000145"},{"type":"message","user":"U0P2R5BEZ","text":"binh joining?","ts":"1476357472.000146"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"we are leaving the call","ts":"1476357540.000147"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"Let's regroup tomorrow same time. I will send an invite","ts":"1476357646.000148"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"sure","ts":"1476357661.000149"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"sorry guys, i dropped after 5 min\u2026  \u2014 yes tomorrow","ts":"1476359400.000150"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"is the meeting started? Cannot join..","ts":"1476442928.000153"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"yes","ts":"1476442953.000154"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"same here \u2014 i got host has not started the meeting","ts":"1476443064.000155"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"got in now","ts":"1476443193.000156"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"Pin Code: 893 074 1","ts":"1476443197.000157"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<http:\/\/discuss.hyperledger.org\/>","ts":"1476445567.000158"},{"user":"U2PE37K3J","text":"<@U2PE37K3J|n.ohagan> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1476453431.000159"},{"user":"U2PE37K3J","text":"<@U2PE37K3J|n.ohagan> has left the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_leave","ts":"1476458737.000160"},{"user":"U2BGFAHC7","text":"<@U2BGFAHC7|donovanhide> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1476646943.000161"},{"user":"U23S3DPFY","text":"<@U23S3DPFY|ccooper21> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1476648938.000162"},{"user":"U22UE80N5","text":"<@U22UE80N5|seva> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1476687627.000163"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"has anyone sent the info on sdk workgroup formation to the community? i haven\u2019t seen any emails on that","edited":{"user":"U0KN2SSKE","ts":"1476798245.000000"},"ts":"1476798019.000164"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0KN2SSKE> I was wondering the same","ts":"1476800513.000166"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"sorry for the delay","ts":"1476803202.000167"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"I wanted to send this...but wanted to update wiki first","ts":"1476803214.000168"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"will take care of it today","ts":"1476803233.000169"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"<@U0KN2SSKE> <@U13TWBRBL>  sent out the announcement on the mailing list","ts":"1476807035.000170"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"thanks Pardha","ts":"1476807075.000171"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"How about an email regarding discussion on discourse to finalize the APIs?","ts":"1476833310.000172"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"About the wikipage, we may move the page <https:\/\/wiki.hyperledger.org\/groups\/fabric-sdk\/fabric-sdk-wg> to the top level at <https:\/\/wiki.hyperledger.org\/groups\/fabric-sdk\/> as the main entrance.","ts":"1476881712.000173"},{"user":"U1ES70KQS","text":"<@U1ES70KQS|pschnap> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1476883286.000174"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"what I did to the design doc today, please review:\n- beefing up the \u201cScenarios -&gt; Membership Registration and Enrollment\u201d to clarify the two API layers as discussed last week (common APIs for all CAs internal or external; APIs specific to the fabric\u2019s CA implementation which also includes a user registry)\n- responded to Murali\u2019s comment re: \u201cChaincode vs. Application code\u201d. clarifying that for this spec\u2019s first version we\u2019ll focus on the SDK for writing application code (as opposed to the chaincode, aka design for the chaincode shim)\n- updated a number of classes\u2019 descriptions in the table on page 8 and 9 (Client, MemberService, Member)\n- added \u201cOrderer\u201d class to the table\n- added link to UML diagram (WIP) below the table","ts":"1476895646.000175"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0Z41KY5V> <@U0KN2SSKE> <@U1Y2R5C9L> <@U0YQK8WSV> <@U0KQ9QKH6> ^^^","ts":"1476895697.000176"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"thanks Jim","ts":"1476916862.000177"},{"user":"U21PYLBH7","text":"<@U21PYLBH7|mint> has left the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_leave","ts":"1476930906.000178"},{"user":"U216ML5MM","text":"<@U216ML5MM|witwiki> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1476932384.000179"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"more edits to the design doc:\n- added \u201cset_logger()\u201d API to Client (see description for details)\n- added justifications for \u201cnew_keyValueStore\u201d on the Client class, in response to question from Muhammad\n- added \u201cquery\u201d API to Chain class, for \u201canonymous queries\"\n- moved transaction related APIs (create\/send proposals, create\/send transactions) from Chain to Member. These require an enrolled member to carry out, so that feels like the more natural home for these APIs. Chain class COULD have convenient methods for them.\n- removed \u201cget_name\u201d from MemberServices (consensus seems to be this is not needed)\n- added \u201cquery_transaction\u201d and \u201cquery_state\u201d to the Member class (see description for details)","edited":{"user":"U13TWBRBL","ts":"1476934324.000000"},"ts":"1476934227.000180"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"get_enrollment on MemberService should be renamed to \u201cget_member\u201d as suggested by Muhammad, which should be a local-only operation (loading the user object from keyvaluestore). CA\u2019s don\u2019t really support \u201cGET existing certs\u201d, only \u201ccreate\u201d and \u201crevoke\u201d. so a client will not be able to obtain an already issued certificate from the CA outside of the \u201cenroll()\u201d operation.","ts":"1476935853.000182"},{"user":"U184J2R7S","text":"<@U184J2R7S|weeds> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1476965337.000183"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"I opened a new FAB: <https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-792>","ts":"1476983533.000184","reactions":[{"name":"+1","users":["U13TWBRBL"],"count":1}]},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"this story will have a number of tasks in sdk and peer","ts":"1476983583.000185"},{"user":"U2S6RMSUR","text":"<@U2S6RMSUR|domingohui> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1476997443.000186"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> Thanks Jim, I will review :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1477020579.000187","reactions":[{"name":"ok_hand","users":["U13TWBRBL"],"count":1}]},{"user":"U2RRHA11T","text":"<@U2RRHA11T|kyrieleison> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1477020982.000188"},{"user":"U18P24857","text":"<@U18P24857|dongmingh> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1477073236.000189"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<@U0KQ9QKH6> Thanks for FAB-792.  I don\u2019t see the 3-tier use-case (mobile app tier - webapp\/sdk tier - peer network), so perhaps we should discuss here first. Currently transaction ID (txid) is hash(transaction), which allows the SDK and the peer to independently calculate the txid. However, Pat brought up the case where the first tier (mobile app) doesn\u2019t have the SDK but initiates the transaction (doesn\u2019t include all the data);  the second tier (webapp\/sdk) fills in the tx and sends to peer network.  If the response from appweb to mobileapp failed, the mobileapp would not have the txid to query the tx status","edited":{"user":"U0KN2SSKE","ts":"1477408191.000000"},"ts":"1477408171.000190"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"We could say that would be the responsibility of the webapp, but if we allowed the mobileapp to generate the txid (perhaps using uuid) and sent that as part of the transaction, then the 3-tier use-case would be easier to implement.","ts":"1477408391.000192"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"Thoughts?","ts":"1477408395.000193"},{"user":"U0UGH3X7X","text":"<@U0UGH3X7X|tuand> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1477408984.000194"},{"type":"message","user":"U0ULK2JPP","text":"<@U0KN2SSKE> \u2026there is something to be said for the idea of TXID being specified and not generated","edited":{"user":"U0ULK2JPP","ts":"1477409632.000000"},"ts":"1477409050.000195"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"<@U0ULK2JPP> do you have other use-cases that would require txid be explicitly specified?","ts":"1477409545.000196"},{"type":"message","user":"U0ULK2JPP","text":"<@U0KN2SSKE> the only immediate need is a very implementation specific one - chaincodes rely upon a unique id to keep track of transactions through them. They use the TXID \u2026we could use the generated ID for this though so its not enough to justify the higher level requirement that <@U0KQ9QKH6> brought up.","ts":"1477409786.000198"},{"type":"message","user":"U0ULK2JPP","text":"the rule \u201cif user doesn\u2019t specify TXID, generate one using ProposalHeader\u201d seems to be a good one \u2026 it give power and flexibility IMO","ts":"1477409857.000199"},{"type":"message","user":"U0ULK2JPP","text":"but it does require us to carry TXIDs in the protos structures","ts":"1477409883.000200"},{"type":"message","user":"U0ULK2JPP","text":"The power (again in my unvalidated opinion) comes from the fact that it allows for correlation (a frequent requirement in other middleware technologies) ..  . in addition to avoiding the `If the response from appweb to mobileapp failed, the mobileapp would not have the txid to query the tx status` pitfall you brought up","edited":{"user":"U0ULK2JPP","ts":"1477410081.000000"},"ts":"1477410009.000201"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"@binh <@U0ULK2JPP> : I think allowing the txid generation at the mobileapp tier pushes the state required for recovery to the edge otherwise the middle tier will have to carry state to translate a client request to a backend hash\/id and then replicate that state for fault tolerance. While doable, seems like an unnecessary complication. The simple approach may be the best given that this architecture will be the most common one.","edited":{"user":"U0KQ9QKH6","ts":"1477411080.000000"},"ts":"1477411028.000203","reactions":[{"name":"+1","users":["U0ULK2JPP"],"count":1}]},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"agree with <@U0KQ9QKH6> (we discussed this last week) that we want to have the client (browser code, mobile app) maintain the state and build SDKs in a stateless fashion. regarding your question on client obtaining TXID without requiring them to run secure hash algorithms, this can be easily solved by exposing an SDK API to \u201ccalculateHash(payload)\u201d. the client app would call this on the server tier to obtain the TXID, then use that to send the transactions. this does require the payload to be sent to the server twice (first to calculate the TXID, then inside the transaction again), but the benefit of making the server stateless is significant","edited":{"user":"U13TWBRBL","ts":"1477416112.000000"},"ts":"1477416098.000205"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"also question <@U0ULK2JPP> when you said above that \"chaincodes rely upon a unique id to keep track of transactions through them\u201d, I didn\u2019t quite understand that. why would chaincode need to keep track of transactions? anything that needs to be tracked b\/w transactions should be saved in the world state right?","ts":"1477418048.000207"},{"type":"message","user":"U0ULK2JPP","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> right. that\u2019s why I aslo mentioned its an implementation detail\u2026 chaincode can field many transactions at a time and needs a way to track them, The TXID provided that mechanism.","ts":"1477418350.000208"},{"type":"message","user":"U0ULK2JPP","text":"in v0.5 it also was consistent with the way we kept track of a chancode deployment description - using its TXID","ts":"1477418394.000209"},{"user":"U1KFBBWG1","text":"<@U1KFBBWG1|harrisob> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1477420739.000210"},{"user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"<@U2Q0HP4HY|rickr> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1477430865.000211"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Why wouldn't the server return txId to the Mobile client in response to a deploy transaction? If the deploy request is coming to a webapp from mobile client, the client is expecting something in return, isnt?","ts":"1477439872.000212"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Another use case similar to this:\nLet's say we are deploying chaincode c, sdk generates txid t1. Now we modify the chain code and redeploy it which gets a new chaincode ID resulting in all the previous states lost (because they are linked to the old chaincodeID). What if we want to just modify the chaincode and still refer to the same state\/data? Would keeping the same transaction ID solve this problem?","ts":"1477445457.000213"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"<@U1Y2R5C9L>: deploys should be idempotent and as a result should not suffer from the same failure scenarios as invoke. The sdk can therefore generate txid for a deploy and if the client fails or any other failure occurs where the state is unknown, the client should be able to just retry the deploy","ts":"1477491086.000214"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U1Y2R5C9L> <@U0KQ9QKH6> Pat is right that the SDK can retry on the client\u2019s behalf (if it knows the deploy failed or it doesn\u2019t know if it succeeded) because that operation is idempotent. and to make an invoke transaction idempotent, the client needs to know the txid beforehand","ts":"1477491799.000215"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"if the client relies on the SDK to tell it the txid after the fact, then that doesn\u2019t make the operation idempotent","ts":"1477491843.000216"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"I think the second scenario described is an upgrade of a chaincode, which is a planned 1.0 feature","ts":"1477491877.000217"},{"type":"message","subtype":"file_share","text":"<@U2Q0HP4HY|rickr> uploaded a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/rickr\/F2W2TGN13\/-.txt|Untitled>","file":{"id":"F2W2TGN13","created":1477852792,"timestamp":1477852792,"name":"-.txt","title":"Untitled","mimetype":"text\/plain","filetype":"text","pretty_type":"Plain Text","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","editable":true,"size":65715,"mode":"snippet","is_external":false,"external_type":"","is_public":true,"public_url_shared":false,"display_as_bot":false,"username":"","url_private":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F2W2TGN13\/-.txt?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","url_private_download":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F2W2TGN13\/download\/-.txt?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","permalink":"https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/rickr\/F2W2TGN13\/-.txt","permalink_public":"https:\/\/slack-files.com\/T0J024XGA-F2W2TGN13-83c679d870","edit_link":"https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/rickr\/F2W2TGN13\/-.txt\/edit","preview":"Trying to run sdk at master level.  I have the vagrant running at that level.  tried running ca-test.s  Seeing and error.  debug below \r\n\r\n```\r\ndebug: [crypto_ecdsa_sha]: Using sha3-256\r\ninfo: [Chain.js]: Constructed Chain instance: name - testChain, securityEnabled: true, TCert download batch size: 10, network mode: true\r","preview_highlight":"<div class=\"CodeMirror cm-s-default CodeMirrorServer\" oncopy=\"if(event.clipboardData){event.clipboardData.setData('text\/plain',window.getSelection().toString().replace(\/\\u200b\/g,''));event.preventDefault();event.stopPropagation();}\">\n<div class=\"CodeMirror-code\">\n<div><pre>Trying to run sdk at master level.  I have the vagrant running at that level.  tried running ca-test.s  Seeing and error.  debug below <\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre><\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre>```<\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre>debug: [crypto_ecdsa_sha]: Using sha3-256<\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre>info: [Chain.js]: Constructed Chain instance: name - testChain, securityEnabled: true, TCert download batch size: 10, network mode: true<\/pre><\/div>\n<div><pre><\/pre><\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n","lines":35,"lines_more":30,"preview_is_truncated":true,"channels":["C25AQBS4B"],"groups":[],"ims":[],"comments_count":0},"user":"U2Q0HP4HY","upload":true,"display_as_bot":false,"username":"<@U2Q0HP4HY|rickr>","bot_id":null,"ts":"1477852792.000218"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U2Q0HP4HY> can you paste the error? not seeing it in the snippet above or am i missing something?","ts":"1477877083.000219"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"It got lost in creating the snippet.  I know this is a connection error.  I've tried this both with bringing up vagrant and a local docker service.  I'm sure the sdk is working and is just a local setup error.\n```error: [MemberServices.js]: Received error from server on the register request. Error: {\"created\":\"@1477852478.587262124\",\"description\":\"OS Error\",\"errno\":104,\"file\":\"..\/src\/core\/lib\/iomgr\/tcp_posix.c\",\"file_line\":229,\"grpc_status\":14,\"os_error\":\"Connection reset by peer\",\"syscall\":\"recvmsg\"}\nerror: [Member.js]: Failed to register user \"auditor\". Error: Error: {\"created\":\"@1477852478.587262124\",\"description\":\"OS Error\",\"errno\":104,\"file\":\"..\/src\/core\/lib\/iomgr\/tcp_posix.c\",\"file_line\":229,\"grpc_status\":14,\"os_error\":\"Connection reset by peer\",\"syscall\":\"recvmsg\"}```","edited":{"user":"U2Q0HP4HY","ts":"1477917840.000000"},"ts":"1477917822.000220"},{"user":"U2JCD7N7R","text":"<@U2JCD7N7R|georgeo> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1477925805.000222"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"Seeing this error running master 1.0 locally (no vagrant) endorser test\n\n```debug: [Member.js]: Successfully generated chaincode deploy archive and name hash (dff679dad57125a763ceb7b7a4d042121d71b952bc9b43e56fc687dcc83e5bdc)\ndebug: [Peer.js]: Peer.sendProposal - Start\ninfo: [Peer.js]: Peer.const - url: <grpc:\/\/localhost:7051> options  grpc.ssl_target_name_override=tlsca, grpc.default_authority=tlsca\nnot ok 2 Error: Error: proto: bad wiretype for field protos.Proposal.Header: got wiretype 0, want 2\n  ---\n    operator: error\n    expected: |-\n      undefined\n    actual: |-\n      [Error: Error: proto: bad wiretype for field protos.Proposal.Header: got wiretype 0, want 2]\n    at: process.onetime (\/home\/rineholt\/gitws\/bc\/fabric-sdk-node\/node_modules\/onetime\/index.js:22:12)\n    stack: |-\n      Error: Error: proto: bad wiretype for field protos.Proposal.Header: got wiretype 0, want 2\n          at Object.callback (\/home\/rineholt\/gitws\/bc\/fabric-sdk-node\/lib\/Peer.js:64:13)\n          at \/home\/rineholt\/gitws\/bc\/fabric-sdk-node\/node_modules\/grpc\/src\/node\/src\/client.js:420:14\n  ...\n\n1..2\n# tests 2\n# pass  1\n# fail  1957vespa```","ts":"1477948717.000223"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"some mismatch on the protobuf.   I've mapped 7051 to 7051 on my peer docker service","ts":"1477948799.000224"},{"type":"message","subtype":"file_share","text":"<@U2Q0HP4HY|rickr> uploaded a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/rickr\/F2WH5KEJ3\/pasted_image_at_2016_10_31_05_21_pm.png|with debugger what is sent is>","file":{"id":"F2WH5KEJ3","created":1477948889,"timestamp":1477948889,"name":"Pasted image at 2016_10_31 05_21 PM.png","title":"with debugger what is sent is","mimetype":"image\/png","filetype":"png","pretty_type":"PNG","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","editable":false,"size":19944,"mode":"hosted","is_external":false,"external_type":"","is_public":true,"public_url_shared":false,"display_as_bot":false,"username":"","url_private":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F2WH5KEJ3\/pasted_image_at_2016_10_31_05_21_pm.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","url_private_download":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F2WH5KEJ3\/download\/pasted_image_at_2016_10_31_05_21_pm.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","thumb_64":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T0J024XGA-F2WH5KEJ3-2b76fb5091\/pasted_image_at_2016_10_31_05_21_pm_64.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","thumb_80":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T0J024XGA-F2WH5KEJ3-2b76fb5091\/pasted_image_at_2016_10_31_05_21_pm_80.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","thumb_360":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T0J024XGA-F2WH5KEJ3-2b76fb5091\/pasted_image_at_2016_10_31_05_21_pm_360.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","thumb_360_w":302,"thumb_360_h":95,"thumb_160":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-tmb\/T0J024XGA-F2WH5KEJ3-2b76fb5091\/pasted_image_at_2016_10_31_05_21_pm_160.png?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","image_exif_rotation":1,"original_w":302,"original_h":95,"permalink":"https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/rickr\/F2WH5KEJ3\/pasted_image_at_2016_10_31_05_21_pm.png","permalink_public":"https:\/\/slack-files.com\/T0J024XGA-F2WH5KEJ3-5923b57121","channels":["C25AQBS4B"],"groups":[],"ims":[],"comments_count":0},"user":"U2Q0HP4HY","upload":true,"display_as_bot":false,"username":"<@U2Q0HP4HY|rickr>","bot_id":null,"ts":"1477948893.000225"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"Don't suppose there could have a change on Proposal on the peer ?","ts":"1477954073.000226"},{"user":"U2KJHTPQT","text":"<@U2KJHTPQT|stevenroose> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1478088383.000227"},{"user":"U2W6ZESRH","text":"<@U2W6ZESRH|ski> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1478093922.000228"},{"user":"U2XM0F3BN","text":"<@U2XM0F3BN|nagatrip> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1478104042.000229"},{"user":"U1FDTCEUR","text":"<@U1FDTCEUR|tim.s> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1478104059.000230"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"<@U1Y2R5C9L> <@U13TWBRBL>  Does anyone see the possibility that Endorsers in the future could be a different service from Peers ?   Would we be more Future proof keeping these separate under the covers away from the user, But easily split out if need be ?","ts":"1478210185.000231"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"I think that makes sense, and wasn't that the idea of v1 to separate the peer roles so that some nodes could be transactors while the others could be endorsers only?","ts":"1478217800.000232"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"IMHO, a peer can be both a endorser and committer, but not have to.","ts":"1478236130.000233"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"that\u2019s right <@U0Z41KY5V>  so \u201cendorser\u201d and \u201ccommitter\u201d are possible roles of a Peer. an endorser Peer must also be a committer Peer, because an endorser needs access to the ledger and state, which are maintained by the committer. on the other hand, a committer Peer doesn\u2019t have to be an endorser.","edited":{"user":"U13TWBRBL","ts":"1478268621.000000"},"ts":"1478268402.000234"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"as far as the SDK design goes, it\u2019d be more clear to the application developer in my opinion if we call out the \u201cendorser Peer\u201d and \u201ccommitter Peer\u201d separately","ts":"1478268441.000235"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"because for submitting Proposals you need to contact the \u201cendorser Peer\u201d. and for listening to events, you need to be connected with the \u201ccommitter Peer\"","ts":"1478268494.000236"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"although, this doesn\u2019t mean we need to call \u201ccommitter Peer\u201d by that name, it\u2019ll be easier to understand if we call it \u201cevent source Peer\u201d or something of that nature","ts":"1478268573.000237"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"agree <@U13TWBRBL>","ts":"1478320691.000239"},{"type":"message","user":"U12452RAP","text":"all, i noted grpc generated code for java, python, js should all have async method. Shall we add async support in our SDK spec?","ts":"1478345702.000240"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"<@U13TWBRBL>  so a chain has some Peers that are endorsers and committers.  It has some  Peers which are strictly committers  So a transaction may go to any Peer. But only a subset can handle the proposal.  I assume what distinguish them are the roles?  How should the SDK know which subset to submit a proposal ? Quick look look at grpc  protos not finding how to retrieve peers roles assume that's what identifies them.","edited":{"user":"U2Q0HP4HY","ts":"1478353698.000000"},"ts":"1478353515.000241"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"The transaction actual goes to the Orderer.  So the SDK should only need Peers that are endorsers ?","ts":"1478354491.000244"},{"type":"message","user":"U12452RAP","text":"guys, i add a comment for EventHub object. <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit?disco=AAAAA3bzaLs>","ts":"1478588129.000245"},{"type":"message","user":"U12452RAP","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> <@U0KQ9QKH6> <@U1Y2R5C9L> I suggect use the register(EventListener) replace of three register event methods and same with unregister","ts":"1478617220.000247"},{"type":"message","user":"U12452RAP","text":"and make three EventListener for current three event type","ts":"1478617470.000248"},{"type":"message","user":"U12452RAP","text":"see my comment at spec","ts":"1478617773.000249"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"we can certainly change to formalize an interface for a callback which is what I think you mean by EventListener","ts":"1478620353.000250"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"as far as the 3 registers, not sure how getting to one helps as the event types and related data structures would still need to be different","ts":"1478620482.000251"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KQ9QKH6","text":"right now, I'm more concerned with getting what worked in 0.6 back in 1.0 :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1478620552.000252"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U2Q0HP4HY> strictly speaking the SDK needs endorsers for sending proposals and committers for listening to block or chaincode events. most of the time just knowing the list of endorsers in a Chain should be sufficient (case #1) because they are also committers. in some rare cases an application may need to listen from a committer-only Peer (case #2), so the eventhub needs to be configured outside of the endorser Peers. per 80-20 rule the SDK design should make it really easy to code up for case #1 but also allow for case #2.","ts":"1478637039.000253"},{"type":"message","user":"U12452RAP","text":"<@U0KQ9QKH6> Yes, for java that is easy as you can just refer to Guava eventbus","ts":"1478661731.000254"},{"type":"message","user":"U12452RAP","text":"there should be two ways to handle. one option: in eventhub, have a  map\/dict, key is object type, value is listener,  check the event type in eventhub. another option: make this in event listener, eventhub post events to all listener, and listener check the event type if can be handled by itself","ts":"1478661991.000255"},{"type":"message","user":"U12452RAP","text":"that may be a little different in python and nodejs, as there are not strong type","ts":"1478662044.000256"},{"type":"message","user":"U12452RAP","text":"Also, I saw nodejs SDK used Promise\/Future as basic, I suggest we all follow that make async as first class support","ts":"1478662978.000257"},{"type":"message","user":"U0PB67X4K","text":"","attachments":[{"fallback":"[November 10th, 2016 7:06 AM] garisingh: Sorry for the wide blast here, but while I was reviewing stuff, thought I should send out a note on things which will make life easier for the maintainers and will help contributions be merged more quickly:\n\n1) Please make sure to reference a JIRA item in your commits - especially for new functionality\n\n2) Let's try to add a little more detail to some of the JIRA entries - one line entries \/ descriptions don't help us understand what contribution is trying to achieve\n\n3) When people make comments in gerrit, once you address them please mark them as done (by clicking in the comment and hitting done  :slightly_smiling_face:  )\n\n4) You'll notice that we push back a lot on lack of tests - please test locally and use a coverage tool to see where you stand\n\n5) Run linters, go import, etc to reduce CI failures","ts":"1478779599.000514","author_subname":"garisingh","channel_id":"C29512UHF","channel_name":"fabric-sdk-node-dev","is_msg_unfurl":true,"text":"Sorry for the wide blast here, but while I was reviewing stuff, thought I should send out a note on things which will make life easier for the maintainers and will help contributions be merged more quickly:\n\n1) Please make sure to reference a JIRA item in your commits - especially for new functionality\n\n2) Let's try to add a little more detail to some of the JIRA entries - one line entries \/ descriptions don't help us understand what contribution is trying to achieve\n\n3) When people make comments in gerrit, once you address them please mark them as done (by clicking in the comment and hitting done  :slightly_smiling_face:  )\n\n4) You'll notice that we push back a lot on lack of tests - please test locally and use a coverage tool to see where you stand\n\n5) Run linters, go import, etc to reduce CI failures","author_link":"https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/team\/garisingh","author_icon":"https:\/\/avatars.slack-edge.com\/2016-09-10\/78323915894_521dc680194c08b166e0_48.jpg","mrkdwn_in":["text"],"color":"D0D0D0","from_url":"https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/archives\/fabric-sdk-node-dev\/p1478779599000514","is_share":true,"footer":"Posted in #fabric-sdk-node-dev"}],"ts":"1478779702.000258"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"we are on <http:\/\/gotomeet.me\/PardhaV|gotomeet.me\/PardhaV>  for today\u2019s 7am meeting","ts":"1478866684.000259"},{"user":"U2W7U5UA3","text":"<@U2W7U5UA3|pd93> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1478873159.000260"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"My 2cents really like the gotomeeting  was able to see the shared screen.","ts":"1478873221.000261"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"me too :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1478873266.000262"},{"user":"U1D89DP47","text":"<@U1D89DP47|subzer0> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1478981856.000265"},{"user":"U2NG5AX0A","text":"<@U2NG5AX0A|klorenz> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1479155444.000266"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"hi we do not have meeting today? seems not started","ts":"1479175319.000267"},{"user":"U2TFYQ5AB","text":"<@U2TFYQ5AB|kevan> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1479222962.000268"},{"user":"U2NDE1ZCK","text":"<@U2NDE1ZCK|jdockter> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1479482549.000269"},{"user":"U1VG8LNP3","text":"<@U1VG8LNP3|yaoguo> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1479716117.000270"},{"user":"U32EM3ZL1","text":"<@U32EM3ZL1|bingshao> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1479777386.000271"},{"user":"U353QR7G9","text":"<@U353QR7G9|bretharrison> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1479824836.000272"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"Anyone know whether the java-sdk is supporting 0.6 api or 1.0 api now?","ts":"1479870317.000273"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"thanks~","ts":"1479870324.000274"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"0.6 at the moment, <@U2Q0HP4HY> is working on v1 and has submitted a WIP patch. Hopefully we'll have something working in a couple of days (or weeks)","ts":"1479877106.000275"},{"user":"U10QMACLQ","text":"<@U10QMACLQ|lengoanhcat> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1480193899.000276"},{"type":"message","user":"U184J2R7S","text":"<@U2Q0HP4HY> had it working with an older version of fabric.  Rick- at what point are you checking in- I know you have made tremendous progress, but also realize the protobufs had changed somewhat. (Also Happy Thanksgiving!)","ts":"1480337226.000277"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"hi, could we have a f2f working session (review of the sdk spec) next week during the hackfest?  obviously depending on who can attend the meeting","ts":"1480343473.000278","reactions":[{"name":"+1","users":["U13TWBRBL"],"count":1}]},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"would love to take advantage of next week\u2019s hackfest in NY and work f2f with the other members of the SDK wg","ts":"1480366245.000279"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"(yes i\u2019m attending that)","ts":"1480366258.000280"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":":+1:","ts":"1480384288.000281"},{"user":"U0KMJF9AA","text":"<@U0KMJF9AA|vikasjakhar> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1480441348.000282"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"Are we still doing the weekly Thrs  7am EST sdk meetings ?","ts":"1480511176.000283"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YNFB22X","text":"<@U32M12S0Z> Can you confirm if we have the meeting tomorrow ?","ts":"1480515054.000284"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"I got an email from <@U32M12S0Z> saying they are not happening.","ts":"1480520242.000285"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"can anyone confirm? Since it will be almost midnight for me, I need to know in advance if I need to wait for it","ts":"1480570740.000286"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"i suppose not, as no invitation is sent.","ts":"1480574955.000287"},{"type":"message","user":"U1Y2R5C9L","text":"Thanks <@U0Z41KY5V>","ts":"1480575131.000288"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"np","ts":"1480575155.000289"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"I got a note from Joe who has the sign in and he replied no.","edited":{"user":"U2Q0HP4HY","ts":"1480592977.000000"},"ts":"1480592901.000290"},{"text":"<@U0KN2SSKE|binhn> has started a Google+ Hangout for this channel. <https:\/\/hangouts.google.com\/hangouts\/_\/6lc5uisbczeujppcnuzohpiowmf|Join Hangout>.","username":"hangouts","bot_id":"B0UKUAJ0Y","type":"message","subtype":"bot_message","ts":"1481035193.000002"},{"user":"U0P2GSA8Z","text":"<@U0P2GSA8Z|arnaud> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481035207.000003"},{"user":"U0Q6BA1EU","text":"<@U0Q6BA1EU|bobbiejc> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481035341.000004"},{"user":"U38JGHMBQ","text":"<@U38JGHMBQ|shihao> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481035448.000005"},{"user":"U0ULX737C","text":"<@U0ULX737C|vipinb> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481035528.000006"},{"user":"U0ULQ2G5V","text":"<@U0ULQ2G5V|oleg> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481035932.000007"},{"type":"message","subtype":"file_share","text":"<@U0KN2SSKE|binhn> uploaded a file: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/binhn\/F3B9NBWBE\/chaincode_tabletojson.pptx|Chaincode_TableToJSON.pptx>","file":{"id":"F3B9NBWBE","created":1481036580,"timestamp":1481036580,"name":"Chaincode_TableToJSON.pptx","title":"Chaincode_TableToJSON.pptx","mimetype":"application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation","filetype":"pptx","pretty_type":"PowerPoint Presentation","user":"U0KN2SSKE","editable":false,"size":472617,"mode":"hosted","is_external":false,"external_type":"","is_public":true,"public_url_shared":false,"display_as_bot":false,"username":"","url_private":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F3B9NBWBE\/chaincode_tabletojson.pptx?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","url_private_download":"https:\/\/files.slack.com\/files-pri\/T0J024XGA-F3B9NBWBE\/download\/chaincode_tabletojson.pptx?t=xoxe-18002167554-139099126023-137701436192-e599afc92e","permalink":"https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/files\/binhn\/F3B9NBWBE\/chaincode_tabletojson.pptx","permalink_public":"https:\/\/slack-files.com\/T0J024XGA-F3B9NBWBE-5ad35fba72","channels":["C25AQBS4B"],"groups":[],"ims":[],"comments_count":0},"user":"U0KN2SSKE","upload":true,"display_as_bot":false,"username":"<@U0KN2SSKE|binhn>","bot_id":null,"ts":"1481036580.000008"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"proposal to replace table api with json based query","ts":"1481036615.000009"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"vipin:  wants index-based queries to reduce db contention","ts":"1481036861.000010"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"unaminous vote to support json based query","ts":"1481036995.000011"},{"user":"U0KM97TRP","text":"<@U0KM97TRP|rjagadee> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481037185.000012"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Q6BA1EU","text":"link to the doc you are looking at?","ts":"1481037190.000013"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1R5RtIBMW9fZpli37E5Li5_Q9ve3BnQ4q3gWmGZj6Sv4\/edit#heading=h.8cz3r95lcd7d>","ts":"1481037289.000014"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":":+1:","ts":"1481038281.000016"},{"user":"U0KM3Q4FL","text":"<@U0KM3Q4FL|stan.liberman> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481041233.000017"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Y55KNG2","text":"@binh I only have to read the first slide to completely agree with you. Our contract platform has used JSON for event and state for the last 10 months, with a schema describing the payloads so that applications can self-configure mappings or forms. But the schema is optional where self-configuration is unnecessary. We also have classifiers so that \"read all assets\" can see only the correct asset class, and filters, date ranges and history with same. I'm a big fan of JSON in this role.","ts":"1481146286.000018"},{"user":"U1HN4CVT9","text":"<@U1HN4CVT9|darrenst> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481169347.000019"},{"user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"<@U26T99AQ4|aso> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481190411.000020"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"heads up: <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/3025\/> changes the way identities (that is, certs) have to be serialized to bytes","ts":"1481190415.000021"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"the new way takes the previous byte array and sets it to be `SerializedIdentity.IdBytes` in this struct\n```\ntype SerializedIdentity struct {\n\tMspid string\n\tIdBytes []byte\n}\n```\n`SerializedIdentity.Mspid` contains the name of the MSP that issued the identity. This struct is then marshalled using ASN.1 and the resulting byte array is what goes in the proto messages","ts":"1481190419.000022"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"^^ <@U13TWBRBL> <@U2Q0HP4HY>","edited":{"user":"U26T99AQ4","ts":"1481198787.000000"},"ts":"1481198767.000023"},{"user":"U1GPHH6PQ","text":"<@U1GPHH6PQ|elisabetta> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481203553.000025"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"<https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/3025\/> just got merged FYI","ts":"1481212009.000026"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"<@U26T99AQ4> Start off with the easy question: where do we  get the \"Mspid\"","ts":"1481213397.000027"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"that's not easy.. :slightly_smiling_face: currently it is hardcoded to the string \"DEFAULT\"","ts":"1481213488.000028"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"on the long run, the application will need to know which MSP ID to use when it transacts on a particular chain","edited":{"user":"U26T99AQ4","ts":"1481213526.000000"},"ts":"1481213516.000029"},{"type":"message","user":"U1FDTCEUR","text":"Questions (2) - Is there any documentation on how to use the EventEmitter returned from send_transaction in the SDK? Is there documentation or examples on the Peer EventHub on registering and receiving Block Events for both transactions committed and transactions rejected?","ts":"1481258712.000031"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U1FDTCEUR> don\u2019t believe we have this documented anywhere, best illustration of how this is supposed to work is <@U13Q594J2>\u2019s sample app (v0.6 based): <https:\/\/github.com\/ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample\/blob\/master\/events\/event-sample.js>","attachments":[{"service_name":"GitHub","title":"ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample","title_link":"https:\/\/github.com\/ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample\/blob\/master\/events\/event-sample.js","text":"NodeSdkSample - A sample program to demonstrate NodeSdk apis","fallback":"GitHub: ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample","thumb_url":"https:\/\/avatars2.githubusercontent.com\/u\/18034452?v=3&s=400","from_url":"https:\/\/github.com\/ratnakar-asara\/NodeSdkSample\/blob\/master\/events\/event-sample.js","thumb_width":190,"thumb_height":190,"service_icon":"https:\/\/github.com\/apple-touch-icon.png","id":1}],"ts":"1481259820.000032"},{"user":"U13Q594J2","inviter":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U13Q594J2|ratnakar> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481259828.000034"},{"type":"message","user":"U2Q0HP4HY","text":"<@U26T99AQ4> Is there any information you can point to how this new serialization is done ?","ts":"1481297361.000035"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"you mean the one for identities?","ts":"1481297506.000036"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"if so, the golang code takes care of them here\n```\n\tsId := SerializedIdentity{Mspid: id.id.Mspid, IdBytes: pemBytes}\n\tidBytes, err := asn1.Marshal(sId)\n\tif err != nil {\n\t\treturn nil, fmt.Errorf(\"Could not marshal a SerializedIdentity structure for identity %s, err %s\", id.id, err)\n\t}\n```","edited":{"user":"U26T99AQ4","ts":"1481297564.000000"},"ts":"1481297551.000037"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"`IdBytes` contains the \"old\" serialization, the PEM-encoded cert bytes","ts":"1481297595.000039"},{"type":"message","user":"U26T99AQ4","text":"`Mspid` contains the MSP id string","ts":"1481297609.000040"},{"type":"message","user":"U1FDTCEUR","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> - I am trying to figure out how to set an Event registration to ensure receipt of all transactions going to a raw Ledger and their commit status. The subtext of this is that the response would need to include the Ledger \/ channel \/ chain that the transactions are for. In registering for Block events  - 1) would I receive the rejected transactions? 2) Would the info returned include the Ledger it is for?","ts":"1481524781.000041"},{"type":"message","user":"U1FDTCEUR","text":"<@U13TWBRBL> - The event.proto file has removed the Transaction event type and seems to replace it with a Rejection event type. I am presuming that this is generated as part of the Committer functionality, and would require a separate registration to receive. Please confirm.   Also the common.proto has a BlockMetadataIndex that contains a Transactions_Filter which states it is for a bitarray filter of invalid transactions. Does this mean that invalid transactions will be returned within the Block events?","ts":"1481528368.000042"},{"user":"U3A8Z1QCC","text":"<@U3A8Z1QCC|mylara> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481547302.000043"},{"type":"message","user":"U3A8Z1QCC","text":"Hi","ts":"1481547331.000044"},{"user":"U3BKMJZTK","text":"<@U3BKMJZTK|mdevilliers> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1481575393.000045"},{"user":"U3AECURPZ","text":"<@U3AECURPZ|gvlax> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1482179595.000046"},{"user":"U14APLT0C","text":"<@U14APLT0C|ijmitch> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1482257804.000047"},{"user":"U3DHKV84C","text":"<@U3DHKV84C|yuryandreev> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1482327954.000048"},{"user":"U1V6SJ1FF","text":"<@U1V6SJ1FF|dgorman> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1482399514.000049"},{"user":"U31M2620Z","text":"<@U31M2620Z|fan.torchz> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1482467450.000050"},{"type":"message","user":"U31M2620Z","text":"Hey, I'm working on the transaction proposal\/transaction endpoints for python sdk,\nFollowing two proto definition are a bit confusing to me, compared with the sdk spec.\nDoesn't that mean `chaincode proposal` it still a kind of `transaction proposal`,that convey chaincode related payload?\n\n<https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/blob\/master\/protos\/peer\/fabric_proposal.proto>\n<https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/blob\/master\/protos\/peer\/chaincode_proposal.proto>\n\nI suspect we need to modify the sdk spec accordingly.","attachments":[{"service_name":"GitHub","title":"hyperledger\/fabric","title_link":"https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/blob\/master\/protos\/peer\/fabric_proposal.proto","text":"Read-only mirror of <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/admin\/projects\/fabric>","fallback":"GitHub: hyperledger\/fabric","thumb_url":"https:\/\/avatars3.githubusercontent.com\/u\/7657900?v=3&s=400","from_url":"https:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/blob\/master\/protos\/peer\/fabric_proposal.proto","thumb_width":142,"thumb_height":142,"service_icon":"https:\/\/github.com\/apple-touch-icon.png","id":1}],"ts":"1482467759.000051"},{"type":"message","user":"U31M2620Z","text":"Btw, which channel is fit for discussion like this? fabric-sdk or fabric-sdk-dev?","ts":"1482467875.000053"},{"type":"message","user":"U184J2R7S","text":"Either channel works, but right now so many people out traveling over holidays.","ts":"1482495835.000054"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KM61BCP","text":"<@U31M2620Z> as <@U184J2R7S> said, many people out on holidays back next week.","ts":"1482873561.000057"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"Happy New Year!","ts":"1483233932.000058"},{"user":"U3MBKT8UF","text":"<@U3MBKT8UF|samsmith> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1483445480.000059"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U0Z41KY5V> Happy New Year to you too!","ts":"1483458897.000060"},{"user":"U0MS3TK2A","text":"<@U0MS3TK2A|nao> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1483464705.000061"},{"user":"U1V5VNSAD","text":"<@U1V5VNSAD|subax> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1484046750.000063"},{"user":"U3J48LFUG","text":"<@U3J48LFUG|kfioktistov> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1484217359.000065"},{"type":"message","user":"U3J48LFUG","text":"I\u2019m trying to use fabric-java-sdk, but confused - proto files in this project is very old and not syncronized with fabric peer protos. Is sdk-java actual and working ? If not, are there a plans to actualize this project ?","ts":"1484218142.000066"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"Please join fabric-sdk-java channel","ts":"1484225116.000067"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"Work is currently ongoing on branches","ts":"1484225131.000068"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"Master is still compatible with .6","ts":"1484225151.000069"},{"type":"message","user":"U3J48LFUG","text":"thanks","ts":"1484230507.000070"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"Dear all, the tsc is asking for a charter drafting for fabric sdk working group.","ts":"1484235158.000071"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"<@U0YQK8WSV> Dear pardha, would u like to lead the work?","ts":"1484235178.000072"},{"type":"message","user":"U0YQK8WSV","text":"Sure.. I will look create a draft and post it here in a day or two","ts":"1484235323.000073"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"thanks, the template can be found at <https:\/\/docs.google.com\/document\/d\/1QWuy3L-tQSelDB-4b_tavvCBn9xstYj2y8jRXCk9NHI\/edit>","ts":"1484235444.000074"},{"type":"message","user":"U0Z41KY5V","text":"And it needs to be prepared for discussion on next week tsc meeting. :slightly_smiling_face:","ts":"1484235873.000076"},{"user":"U3M7LEDT4","text":"<@U3M7LEDT4|david87> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1484350303.000077"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U1KFBBWG1> <@U2Q0HP4HY> note this change in protobuf <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/4111\/1\/protos\/peer\/chaincode.proto>\n\nI submitted these for node.js and java SDK each:\n<https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-1725>\n<https:\/\/jira.hyperledger.org\/browse\/FAB-1726>","edited":{"user":"U13TWBRBL","ts":"1484743512.000000"},"ts":"1484743489.000078"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"there are also <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/4109> and <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/4117> in this \u201ccleanup\u201d batch, but I don\u2019t believe they affect the API themselves","ts":"1484743597.000080"},{"type":"message","user":"U0KN2SSKE","text":"just wanted folks to be aware of this changeset that affects ECDSA signature on the SDK side  <https:\/\/gerrit.hyperledger.org\/r\/#\/c\/2983\/>","ts":"1484757425.000081","reactions":[{"name":"ok_hand","users":["U12452RAP"],"count":1}]},{"user":"U38JCNW5V","text":"<@U38JCNW5V|divyank-sk> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1484763228.000082"},{"user":"U3TNHH1NW","text":"<@U3TNHH1NW|dknochen> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1484840489.000083"},{"user":"U3VP447U7","text":"<@U3VP447U7|gatakka> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1485175666.000084"},{"user":"U38DC9CCF","text":"<@U38DC9CCF|yedendra> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1485204074.000085"},{"user":"U24V0JB4Y","text":"<@U24V0JB4Y|gokul> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1485204205.000086"},{"user":"U3Q6U1E1W","text":"<@U3Q6U1E1W|jmanweiler> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1485204284.000087"},{"user":"U3DHKV84C","text":"<@U3DHKV84C|yuryandreev> has left the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_leave","ts":"1485357658.000088"},{"user":"U3V4G8HUZ","text":"<@U3V4G8HUZ|sagmeister> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1485788054.000089"},{"user":"U3BH74NH0","text":"<@U3BH74NH0|passkit> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1485832531.000090"},{"user":"U2UNR91RB","text":"<@U2UNR91RB|bmatsuo> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1485971526.000091"},{"type":"message","user":"U2UNR91RB","text":"So what hope is there for a Go SDK in 1.0? <@U0KPFAZNF> put the fear into me over at <#C1JJ6BL5T|fabric-chaintool>","ts":"1485972612.000092"},{"user":"U0KPFAZNF","text":"<@U0KPFAZNF|ghaskins> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1486002190.000093"},{"user":"U3WM9K85R","text":"<@U3WM9K85R|mbaizan> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1486021295.000094"},{"type":"message","user":"U13TWBRBL","text":"<@U2UNR91RB> a Go SDK is not officially in v.10 plan as far as I know, however, you can always import the `\u201d<http:\/\/github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/peer|github.com\/hyperledger\/fabric\/peer>\u201d` and that\u2019s basically the equivalent of a Go SDK","ts":"1486057654.000095"},{"type":"message","user":"U2UNR91RB","text":"<@U13TWBRBL>: Intesting. Thanks for the response. That possibility was mentioned yesterday -- though in less explicit terms. I was led to believe that making it work would be significantly more harrowing than using the node SDK.  That is not necessarily going to stop me though","ts":"1486058394.000096"},{"type":"message","user":"U184J2R7S","text":"hi everybody, in case you have not heard, linux foundation is moving us off of Slack and onto Rocket.Chat, everybody in Slack can log in to the new chat server using your existing linux foundation ID, please visit <http:\/\/chat.hyperledger.org\/> to login to the new chat server","ts":"1486078838.000097"},{"type":"message","user":"U2UNR91RB","text":"Why is there a login page served under HTTP and not HTTPS? This seems extremely suspicious. Who is <@U184J2R7S>?","ts":"1486099181.000098"},{"type":"message","user":"U0PB67X4K","text":"<@U2UNR91RB>  - we are moving to using RocketChat rather than Slack (so that we can archive, etc).   Should have posted an https URL, but you don't actually use that login form - you need to click the login with LFID and it pops out to an https URL (so at least your password is kept secure).   We do need to enable redirect to https or disable http all together.  That discussion has started over on RocketChat","ts":"1486131707.000099"},{"type":"message","user":"U184J2R7S","text":"<@U2UNR91RB> Sharon Cocco from IBM","ts":"1486132815.000100"},{"type":"message","user":"U2UNR91RB","text":":smile: Alright. Thanks for clearing that up. There were just too many things slightly off about that post :wink:","ts":"1486136459.000101"},{"user":"U17ERM9H9","text":"<@U17ERM9H9|jyg> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1486391503.000102"},{"user":"U0UHG4VP1","text":"<@U0UHG4VP1|ry> has joined the channel","type":"message","subtype":"channel_join","ts":"1486498255.000103"},{"user":"U0UHG4VP1","members":["U0KM3Q4FL","U0KM61BCP","U0KM97TRP","U0KMJF9AA","U0KN2SSKE","U0KPFAZNF","U0KQ9QKH6","U0MS3TK2A","U0N6V6E67","U0NK7T8SH","U0P2GSA8Z","U0P2R5BEZ","U0P75RFT4","U0PB67X4K","U0Q6BA1EU","U0TFEHX8E","U0UGH3X7X","U0UHG4VP1","U0ULK2JPP","U0ULQ2G5V","U0ULX737C","U0Y55KNG2","U0Y62UYF7","U0YATJ18S","U0YJUECE8","U0YNFB22X","U0YQK8WSV","U0Z41KY5V","U0Z5BHCEM","U0ZR63HLK","U10QMACLQ","U12452RAP","U13Q594J2","U13TWBRBL","U14APLT0C","U17ERM9H9","U184J2R7S","U18P24857","U19VASPGV","U1D89DP47","U1ES70KQS","U1FDTCEUR","U1GPHH6PQ","U1HN4CVT9","U1JT2LQJH","U1KFBBWG1","U1L1D0SP4","U1TMQDYKE","U1V5VNSAD","U1V6SJ1FF","U1VG8LNP3","U1Y2R5C9L","U1Z1KQDMM","U216ML5MM","U21TE1Q9E","U22UE80N5","U23CGEC7N","U23S3DPFY","U24M29R4G","U24V0JB4Y","U268EB76W","U26T99AQ4","U2BGFAHC7","U2C9LLBFS","U2CSLPV1Q","U2JCD7N7R","U2KJHTPQT","U2NDE1ZCK","U2NG5AX0A","U2Q0HP4HY","U2RRHA11T","U2S6RMSUR","U2TFYQ5AB","U2UNR91RB","U2W6ZESRH","U2W7U5UA3","U2XM0F3BN","U31M2620Z","U32EM3ZL1","U353QR7G9","U38DC9CCF","U38JCNW5V","U38JGHMBQ","U3A8Z1QCC","U3AECURPZ","U3BH74NH0","U3BKMJZTK","U3J48LFUG","U3M7LEDT4","U3MBKT8UF","U3Q6U1E1W","U3TNHH1NW","U3V4G8HUZ","U3VP447U7","U3WM9K85R"],"text":"<@U0UHG4VP1|ry> archived the channel (w\/ 95 members)","type":"message","subtype":"channel_archive","ts":"1486498269.000104"}]