[
    {
        "user": "U2ZJN7YRF",
        "text": "<@U2ZJN7YRF|arulmurugan> has joined the channel",
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "channel_join",
        "ts": "1478683728.003712"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U196R0LA2",
        "text": "Hi, will this Docker image [<https:\/\/hub.docker.com\/r\/hyperledger\/fabric-membersrvc\/>] be changing soon, given the repository split? If so, would it be possible to save the current `latest` (Last pushed: 20 days ago) as a separate tag? Many thanks.",
        "ts": "1478704718.003715"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "<@U196R0LA2> - no - it won't be changing - and it's already built off of the v0.6.1-preview tag",
        "ts": "1478704767.003716"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "it's pretty much the last we should push unless we find a defect",
        "ts": "1478704800.003717"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "unless <@U0KPFAZNF> disagrees  :wink:",
        "ts": "1478704821.003718"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U196R0LA2> really, the :latest tag needs to probably go away, but there was stuff that broke without it so I put it back for now",
        "ts": "1478704832.003719"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "but that said, the root of your question about saving it off: it already is",
        "ts": "1478704878.003720"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "we explicitly tag everything first anyway (as <@U0PB67X4K> mentioned)",
        "ts": "1478704896.003721"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "<@U0PB67X4K> it is my understanding that the general community doesnt have any intention of pushing any more v0.6 releases",
        "ts": "1478704938.003722"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "whether that is a tenable for all is another matter, I suppose",
        "ts": "1478704974.003723"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "(for instance, I am not sure if there will be too large of a stability gap between v0.6.1 and master to make that realistic)",
        "ts": "1478705008.003724"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "my gut feeling is, its not realistic...but I also can appreciate the desire to focus on the new",
        "ts": "1478705044.003725"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "sure - but specific to membersrvc we should not have another build unless we find some bugs",
        "ts": "1478705069.003726"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "oh, sorry, i missed that detail",
        "ts": "1478705082.003727"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "agreed",
        "ts": "1478705089.003728"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "I was taking v0.6 in general",
        "ts": "1478705096.003729"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0KPFAZNF",
        "text": "brb",
        "ts": "1478705110.003730"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U196R0LA2",
        "text": "Thanks <@U0KPFAZNF> <@U0PB67X4K>  \u2014 to rephrase my question, given the split in the repository, will there be a new :latest published soon that will change the way membership services functions?",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U196R0LA2",
            "ts": "1478705269.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1478705234.003731"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0PB67X4K",
        "text": "nope",
        "ts": "1478705252.003732"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U196R0LA2",
        "text": "Cool, that\u2019s a relief",
        "ts": "1478705295.003734"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1NSNCVBN",
        "text": "I ran the asset_management_with_roles example and got the following outputs:                                                    \n\n\"msg\":\"Error:Failed to launch chaincode spec(Could not get deployment transaction for ed017204add711b658163069dfd4150ddb23f9d9438345aa21d06cc1ab711da9 - LedgerError - ResourceNotFound: ledger: resource not found)\"}\nok 3 assign successful\n\n1..3\n# tests 3\n# pass  2\n# fail  1\n\nHas anyone gotten something similar before?",
        "ts": "1478727676.003743"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U2AS0GVSP",
        "text": "Yes, this means you are running a query before the deployment has finished",
        "ts": "1478728110.003744"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U2AS0GVSP",
        "text": "At least, I got that error for that reason in the past. Alternatively it means that your deployment failed entirely.",
        "ts": "1478728138.003745"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1F1CU61Y",
        "text": "Hi All, can any one help me to setup Non validating peer in hyperledger fabric ?",
        "ts": "1478748007.003748"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U1F1CU61Y",
        "text": "Thanks in advance",
        "ts": "1478748013.003749"
    }
]