[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U11C7DZU5",
        "text": "Thanks <@U0UFDAS91>.  This is 4am for me, so I'll likely not join (you're welcome :-)).  Will the call be recorded?  Also, I hope that the folks presenting might have a chance to look at my summary\/notes from the discussion at the F2F, so that they might be able to answer some of the questions and\/or dispel some of the misconceptions in it.  I tried to bring it to the attention of <@U16Q0J0E6> in <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/archives\/identity\/p1463001244000110>.  Not sure if I was successful or if there is someone else to ping.  Thanks.",
        "attachments": [
            {
                "color": "4D394B",
                "from_url": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/archives\/identity\/p1463001244000110",
                "fallback": "[May 11th, 2016 2:14 PM] mark.moir: <@U0UFDAS91>: yes indeed.  <@U16Q0J0E6> I failed to draw your attention to this post: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/archives\/identity\/p1462503188000094>, where I hopefully didn't mischaracterize you too badly.  It would be good to get your reaction to it.  I'm particularly interested to know where I can see the most up-to-date descriptions of the overview you gave at the F2F (assuming I am correct that the protocol-spec document isn't it).  Thanks.  It was great meeting you and learning from you!",
                "author_subname": "mark.moir",
                "ts": "1463001244.000110",
                "text": "<@U0UFDAS91>: yes indeed.  <@U16Q0J0E6> I failed to draw your attention to this post: <https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/archives\/identity\/p1462503188000094>, where I hopefully didn't mischaracterize you too badly.  It would be good to get your reaction to it.  I'm particularly interested to know where I can see the most up-to-date descriptions of the overview you gave at the F2F (assuming I am correct that the protocol-spec document isn't it).  Thanks.  It was great meeting you and learning from you!",
                "author_name": "Mark Moir",
                "author_link": "https:\/\/hyperledgerproject.slack.com\/team\/mark.moir",
                "author_icon": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/689ca004adda25bfc52ea8b404d47090.jpg?s=48&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2F0180%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0001-48.png",
                "mrkdwn_in": [
                    "text"
                ],
                "id": 1
            }
        ],
        "ts": "1463537628.000135"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U16Q0J0E6",
        "text": "Sorry for the very late notice, but I just returned from travel and we are not prepared to present \"updated slides on the identity architecture used in Fabric\" on Wednesday at 9am PT (noon ET). Per the note from May 5th, we thought the \"The next meeting will be Thursday May 19, 11am ET (8am PT).\" Please advise regarding a date on which we should present (and incorporate answers to questions from <@U11C7DZU5> and interested others).",
        "ts": "1463545687.000137"
    }
]